최영진(2019) A Study on the Legal Countermeasures against Elder Abuse
It is true that the number of the old who are treated badly by the member of his or her family with the increase of the population of the old. So, the problem of elder abuses is not issue that we have to let it by any more, and Nobody can deny that the problem is the first very important issue that whole nation and our society have to solve preferentially. And therefore, it is very urgent for us to look into the ways of the problem solving and the prevention of elder abuses which are accord with our situations to make all the old who are belong to developmental last stages live the Aged life humanly and enjoy the dignity of man. For this reason, this study focused on the concrete device of the system improvement for the prevention of elder abuses in order to persue two realization of value, elder’s ‘safety and right protection’ and ‘maintenance of home’. The details shall be as follows; First, definition of older persons and elaboration of elder abuses. Second, specification of the rules of prohibition of acts against any person aged 65 years or older. Third, strengthen the critical mind of report against elder abuses. Fourth, the division and matching service according to abuse offenders. Fifth, Administrative and institutional support for the elderly care project. Last, the enactment of the Special Act against elder abuses, etc.


문영희, 강동욱(2018) Legal-Policy Improvement-Measures for Prevention of Elder Abuse
In Korea, the quality of life of elderly people has become a social task as it enters an aging society. As a result, elder abuse has been magnified as a social issue for not only the life guarantee of the elderly, furthermore to securing the human rights of the elderly. However, elder abuse is mostly occurring within the family, but when elder abuse becomes a problem, the abused elder often hide the abuse due to social criticism or punishment against their own children who did abuse to their. Therefore, the seriousness of elder abuse is not highlighted, and the actual situation is not well understood. Due to this reasons legal measures to prevent elder abuse are listed in several clauses in the ｢Welfare of Older Persons Act｣, so that it is not easy to intervene as national and social matters or deal with elder abuse. Also, the establishment and implementation of policies to prevent elder abuse is not effective. However, elder abuse is a representative example of human rights violations in the elderly. Therefore, without the prevention of elder abuse, the guarantee of the human rights of the elderly and the pursuit of the happiness of the elderly are nothing but empty echo that can not be realized. Therefore, from now on it is necessary to recognize the problem of elder abuse as a social problem beyond the problem of the family, to prepare comprehensive measures at the national level, and to improve the related legislation. In addition, it is necessary to establish and implement a system to prevent elder abuse in connection with the local community. And the policy on elder abuse needs to be transformed from the post consequence to the prevention center and from the report to the excavation center. In this paper, I propose measures to prevent elder abuse from the viewpoint of legal policy based on the examination on real cases of elder abuse. Specifically, 1. Establishment of social surveillance network to prevent elder abuse 2. Reinforcement of social responsibility for the elderly support 3. Expansion of the social welfare system for the elderly 4. Establishment of the abuse prevention measures according to the characteristics of the elderly 5. Expansion of services to prevent recurrence of abuse.

권금주(2017) 생활시설 노인학대 사례 개입과정 분석
포스터발표여서 abstract 존재하지 않음. 

임정미(2016) 일본 노인복지시설에서의 효과적인 학대예방전략-Double ABCX 모델을 적용하여-
abstract 존재하지 않음. 

임정미(2018) The Effects of Job Environment on Elderly Maltreatment of Care Worker in Long-term Care Insurance of Japan
The aim of this study is to analyze the effects of job environments on the maltreatment of employees after controlling the personal characteristics of care workers. we conducted a questionnaire survey of 5,000 care workers who are working in nursing homes across Japan, and used data from 1,143 respondents for analysis. The analysis method were descriptive statistics and hierarchical regression. As a result, it was found that stress, teamwork, education and training are significantly related to maltreatment. Policy and practical implications are discussed as follows: first, it is necessary to discuss how to reduce the stress of the employees by sharing the coping strategy with the care workers who are burdened with the work performance and the situations that are likely to cause abuse. Second, the improvement of working conditions such as wage level and workload can not be considered as a decrease in maltreatment. Therefore, voluntary efforts of the facility(teamwork, education and training, etc) should be strengthened. Third, we should build a faithful environment for education and training, which had the greatest effect on maltreatment reduction. However, it is important to review the curriculum structure to ensure that education and training functions more effectively, rather than the monolithic idea of simply reducing maltreatment through education and training.

윤기혁(2017) Analysis of Precedents Related to Elderly Abuse in Elderly Care Facilities in South Korea : Focused on precedents after enforcement of the Act on Long-Term Care Insurance for the Aged
This study analyzed precedents related to elderly abuse in elderly care facilities in South Korea by type of abuse and issue, and proposed the relevant implications, in order to help establish measures for prevention of elderly abuse in elderly care facilities. For the research, six lower-court verdicts related to elderly abuse made between July 2008 when the Act on Long-Term Care Insurance for the Aged was enforced, and the end of April 2017 were analyzed. According to the result of this study, first, the types of elderly abuse that were litigated were: physical abuse, neglect, and multi-type maltreatment. Second, the verdicts of court against elderly abuser ranged from fine to imprisonment, prison servitude, and probation. Third, main issues related to verdicts on elderly abuse cases included: applicability of justifiable act as circumstances precluding wrongfulness when injury was inflicted during providence of care service; applicability of unintentional negligence (including injury and violence) as elderly abuse; and decision of sentence for the act of crime. Findings of this study suggest, in order to prevent elderly abuse in elderly care centers, first, a system for elderly abuse prevention and measures must be established based on education that can raise awareness of the gravity of elderly abuse and relevant punishment, and measures must be taken to protect elderly with dementia as they are the primary victims of elderly abuse. 

김진, 김회성(2018) 노인복지시설의 윤리적인 CCTV 설치 및 운영에 관한 연구_노인과 시설종사자의 주관적 인식을 중심으로 
국문 abstract만 존재함. 

이유진, 하주영(2024) Effects of human rights sensitivity and perception of elder abuse on intention to intervene in elder abuse by workers in home welfare facilities and medical welfare facilities for older adults: A cross-sectional correlation study
This study examined the effects of long-term care worker’s human rights sensitivity and perceptions of elder abuse on their intentions to intervene in elder abuse. This study adopted a descriptive design. Data accrued from 120 Workers (nurses, nurse assistants, and care workers) in Home Welfare Facilities and Medical Welfare Facilities for Older Adults using a convenience sampling method. The collected data were analyzed using the SPSS 25.0 software package. Perception of elder abuse was analyzed to explain 30.0% of the intention to intervene in elder abuse. The higher the perception of elder abuse, the higher the intention to intervene in elder abuse (β=.32, p<.001). These results highlight that the higher the human rights sensitivity and awareness of elder abuse, the higher the intention to intervene in elder abuse. Awareness of elder abuse was found to be the only factor influencing the intention to intervene in elder abuse.

이현민, 이미진(2020) Associative Factors of Intention to Whistleblow Elder Abuse by Workers of Day and Night Care Facitilites: Comparison of Internal and External Whistle-blowing
Guided by the extended model of the theory of reasoned action, this study hypothesized reporting attitudes, subject norms, past reporting experiences of elder abuse, and prior knowledge would affect intention to whistleblow elder abuse by workers of day and night care facilities. As a result, attitude toward reporting elder abuse, subjective norms, past experiences, and prior knowledge were found to affect all dependent variables. The reporting attitudes of elder abuse, the subjective norms and prior knowledge were the main factors that increase the possibility of internal and external whistleblowing. In conclusion, this study provided implications to raise effectiveness of mandatory reporting system of elder abuse and highlighted significant change of workplace culture which might support internal and external whistleblowing of elder abuse.

임정미(2020) Factors Affecting Perceptions of Maltreatment Among Care Workers: The Case of Japanese Long-Term Care Facilities
This study explores the factors influencing the perception of maltreatment among care workers and examines the relationship between factors reported in the literature and this perception. A questionnaire survey conducted among 6,000 care workers in Japanese long-term care facilities yielded usable data from 1,473 respondents for the analysis. Based on literature reviews, independent variables were categorized into three types: individual, work, and institutional characteristics. Multiple   regression analyses were conducted to determine possible relationships between these variables and perceptions of maltreatment. The results show that female staff who were qualified care workers were more likely to report a higher level of perceived maltreatment. Care workers reporting lower care stress were also more likely to perceive a higher level of maltreatment. The smaller the facility size, the more the facility operated as a social welfare corporation (i.e., as a non-profit business)  and the more the facility built a culture that did not tolerate behavioral restrictions, the higher the worker's perception of maltreatment was expressed. Finally, the more the facility provided education related to care skills, the higher the worker's perception of maltreatment. In contrast, increases in workload, such as nursing care level and the number of night shifts, which were reported as risk factors in previous research, were not significant in this study. Based on the findings of our study, policy implications for the prevention of maltreatment among care workers are discussed.

권금주, 이서영(2014) Study on Elder Mistreatment Behaviors
The purpose of this study is to analyse the elder abuse behaviors of residential care facilities including homes for the aged, nursing homes, and group homes for aged in Korea. Using the qualitative analysis method, 298 elder abuse cases from 2011 to 2012 were analysed, and the data were classified into 132 behaviors, 43 behavior cluster, 20 sub-categories, and 7 categories of elder abuse occurring at residential care facilities. The seven categories were ‘physical abuse’, ‘emotional abuse’, ‘sexual abuse’, ‘financial exploitation’, ‘neglect’, ‘abandonment’ and ‘environmental neglect.’ Violence using by physical force and various instruments, sexual violence, financial abuse to infringe on lawful rights, and financial neglect to infringe on financial protection for the poor elders were not found at the residential care facilities compared with elder abuse assesment instrument and screening tool. Also, emotional abuse as infringing on autonomy and privacy, financial exploitation as making inappropriate charges of service, and neglect as not reporting elder abuse accidents by co-workers and other elders were found under institutional environments. Comparing with elder abuse assesment instrument and screening tool, ‘environmental neglect' was added to the elder abuse categories, due to considering the institutional environmental condition such as making a contract among the elder and the facility and providing the services to the vulnerable elders. The findings of this study have following implications: This study would provide the information to develop elder abuse screening instruments of residental care facilities. Additionally, based on the results of this study, educational materials for facility workers would be provided.

권지영(2008) A Study on the Factors Affecting the Elder Abuse Actions in the Healthcare Facilities for the Aged
The purpose of this study is to figure out the major factors of elder abuse actions by the staffs and to present some plans for preventing from abusing actions in the Healthcare Facilities for the aged. The data for this study was collected with 382  staffs in the Healthcare Facilities in Daegu. The major results are as follows. First, staffs characteristic has some statistical significance with elder abuse actions such as being single, working less than 3 years, or not participating any kinds of prevention education program about the elder abuse. Second, organizational environment variable has some statistical significance with elder abuse actions among the staffs when they have to  look after more patients, to take 3 shifts a day or to be employed by contracts. Third, among the residents dependency variables, performing daily activities, emotional dependency and recognizing dependency were associated with the elder abuse actions among the staffs. Fourth, the results showed that these factors affect elder abuse actions such as the workers have contract positions, they have 3 shifts a day, they have to look after more elders. With the result of this study, I’d like to suggest some plans for preventing from the Elder Abuse actions among the staffs in the healthcare facilities. The education programs about preventing elder abuse should be enforced for the experienced staffs. When there is an accidental abusing action, it should be reported immediately and should be recommended not to occur again. Moreover, the systematic environment for the staffs should be improved and their job should be changed to full-time job, and institutional support should be offered. Various programs for the elder should be provided and consistent education and training are necessary. In conclusion, the society needs to pay attention to the issues not to decrease the quality of life for the aged in the healthcare facilities. To prevent from elder abuse actions by the staffs, practical and realistic prevention programs should be offered  to the staffs of institutions. In addition, further studies about the risky factors of elder abuse in the healthcare facilities should be performed.

문용필, 이호용(2017) A Comparative Study on Policies of Elderly Abuse in the Long-Term Care Facilities on WHO, Main countries
This study compared policies of elderly abuse of long-term care facilities on WHO, Main countries for improvement of Korean policy. So, This study reviewed policies of elderly abuse of long-term care facilities on WHO, Main countries. So, This study reviewed risk factors that may increase the potential for abuse of an older person can be identified at individual level, care-woker levels, socio-cultural levels and facilities levels. The results of the study were as follows: First, The openness of long-term care facilities are emphasized on many countries. There are a need for a policy considerations such as policies of Ombudsman, Adult guardianship for visiting facilities, external monitoring. Second, There was a difference of facilities infrastructure and workers of treatment condition long-term care facilities each other countries. So It is important to improve facilities infrastructure and workers of treatment condition. Third, It is necessary to consider traits of elderly in long-term care facilities. Especially, it is required to manage dementia elderly and elderly on night time in long-term care facilities. Finally, implications and future directions of policies of elderly abuse of long-term care facilities were discussed based on the finding of the study.

김홍수, 정재필, 최명예(2015) The Effect of Employees' Human Rights Awareness on Intention of Ill-treatment of Social Welfare Facilities : the Mediating Effects of facility openness. 
This study analyzes the influence of employees' human rights awareness on intention of ill-treatment of Social Welfare Facilities mediating effects of facility openness.
The results are as follows: First, Both of social welfare facility employee' human rights awareness and ill-treatment have differences according to the level of facility openness. Second, it was observed that facility openness has a mediator effect in relationships governing overall social welfare facility employee human rights awareness and overall ill-treatment.

킴벌리 데이튼 저, 이정주 역(2018) 
국문 abstract만 존재함. 

이미진, 김혜련(2016) Comparing Elderly and Perpetrator Characteristics by Elder Abuse Type: Analysis of Elder Abuse Cases in Korean Elder Abuse Protective Service Agencies
This study investigated whether elderly and perpetrator characteristics of elder abuse cases of Korean Elder Abuse Protective Service Agencies (KEAPSA) would vary by type of elder abuse. Four hundred and thirteen elder abuse cases abstracted by 80 case workers of 23 KEAPSA in 2013 for development of case closure index of elder abuse were utilized. Whether client and perpetrator characteristics would vary by physical, psychological abuse, financial exploitation, and neglect (excluding self-neglect) was compared. Multivariate logistic regression analyses indicated that no difference of client characteristics existed between physical abuse and other types of abuse, but perpetrators who lived with the client, were not married, had mental disorders/symptoms, were (potential) alcohol or substance abusers, were more likely to conduct physical abuse compared to other types of abuse. As for psychological abuse, clients were more likely to have home ownership, no difficulties of performing activities of daily living (ADL), no mental disorders/symptoms, and no (potential) alcohol or substance abuser, and perpetrators tended to live with the client, to be married, to be (potential) alcohol or substance abusers and to be economically dependent on the client. The clients of financial exploitation were more likely to receive public assistance, to live with adult children, grandchildren, or others, and the perpetrators of financial exploitation were more likely to be female, older, not living with the perpetrator, healthy, (potential) alcohol or substance abusers, and economically dependent on the client. The victims of neglect had characteristics of exhibiting no home ownership, ADL dependence, mental disorders/symptoms, (potential) alcohol or substance abuse, and social isolation, and perpetrators of neglect were distinct in being not economically dependent on the client. Based on the findings, policy and practice implications were discussed.

전병주(2017) Mediating Effects of Burnout on the Relationship between CCTV Perception and Abusive Behavior of Care Workers in Nursing Homes for the Elderly
With the continued increase in abuse incidents at nursing homes for the elderly, there have been strong arguments for the installation of CCTV’s but there is also an opposing opinion that states it would lead to a violation of privacy. As such, this study conducted an empirical analysis on the relation between perception of CCTV’s, burn out and abuse on the care workers of nursing homes for the elderly. A total of 335 professional caretakers in the Chungnam and CHungbuk provinces were surveyed. For the data analysis, PASW Statistics 18.0 was used. The main results of this study are as follows. First, the perception of CCTV’s was found to be a little lower than average, while burn out was higher than average. Of the subjects, 29% had experienced abuse. Second, in the relation of CCTV perception and abusive behavior of subjects, burn out was found to have a mediating effect. Based on these findings, the perception of care workers at nursing homes on the installation of CCTV’s was reviewed and measures to address the burn out and abusive behaviors of caretakers at nursing homes were presented. In addition, this study provided a basic set of data for safe and healthy lives of the elderly living in nursing homes. The study is meaningful in that it is the first case of analyzing the relation between perception of CCTV’s and abusive behavior by care workers at nursing homes in the Korean society that is experiencing a rapid increase in nursing homes for the elderly.

이미진(2019) 
abstract 존재하지 않음.

임정미(2021) 
abstract 존재하지 않음.

양호정, 이미진(2022) An Explorative Study on Resident-to-Resident Abuse in Nursing Homes for Older Adults: Social Workers’ Perceptions and Experiences
This study explored social workers’ perceptions and experiences of resident-to-resident abuse(RRA) in nursing homes for older adults. We conducted in-depth interviews of seven social workers working in nursing homes for older adults and analyzed interview data using aqualitative content analysis guided by Mayring(2010). The two main dimensions, six themes and 20 categories were deducted. The dimension of “perceptions of RRA” included three themes, “concept of RRA”, “types of RRA”, and “causes of RRA.”The dimension of “experience with RRA” contained three themes, “coping experiences of RRA”, “results of coping with RRA”, and “experienced dilemma.”Based on the findings, we discussed the person-centered care paradigm, restructuring operations and physical conditions in nursing homes, building cooperative relationships with family members, multidisciplinary team approach, defining the concept of RRA, and publishing manuals for responding to RRA.

이준엽, 이미진, 양호정, 문은하(2021) Resident-to-resident abuse in nursing facilities: A literature review on studies in Western countries
This study reviews studies on RRA in nursing facilities published in Western countries to provide knowledge base for RRA. PubMed, Web of Science and Google Scholar were searched for studies published from Jan. 2000 to Sep. 2020. A total of 26 studies were reviewed. The definitions of RRA were inconsistent across the included studies. Types of RRA generally included physical, verbal, and sexual abuse. In terms of theoretical frameworks, one-third of the studies were conducted based on specific theories or models including standard paradigm, person-centered paradigm, need-driven dementia-compromised behavior model, socio-ecological model, and social learning theory. Also, to measure RRA, some studies used standardized measurement tools, but their validity and reliability were inadequate. The rate of observing RRA was higher than the prevalence rate. Factors that influence RRA were categorized into initiator, victim, facility, and situational characteristics. Results suggest the need for policy and intervention to prevent RRA as follows: conducting surveys of RRA, educating nursing home workers how to deal with RRA, applying related theories or models to interventions, making physical environmental changes in facilities, and establishing a protection and prevention system for high-risk groups.

S. Chane; M. E. Adamek(2015) “Death Is Better Than Misery”: Elders' Accounts of Abuse and Neglect in Ethiopia
As the proportion of elders in developing nations increases and the ability of families to meet their needs is stretched thin, the risk of elder abuse will grow. This study examined the types and nature of abuse and neglect from the perspective of elders in Ethiopia who experienced abuse in noninstitutional settings. A qualitative design guided by hermeneutic phenomenology was used to explore the lived experiences of abuse and neglect of 15 Ethiopian elders. Nine women and six men ranging in age from 64 to 93 years were interviewed. Most were victims of multiple forms of abuse, especially financial exploitation, emotional abuse, and neglect. Economic vulnerability was a clear underlying factor contributing to elders' risk for encountering abuse. Effective prevention efforts must address the societal level factors that ultimately contribute to elder abuse while also holding individuals responsible for their harmful behaviors against elders.

Georg Bollig, Gerda Schmidt, Jan Henrik Rosland, Andreas Heller(2015) Ethical challenges in nursing homes-staff's opinions and experiences with systematic ethics meetings with participation of residents’ relatives
Many ethical problems exist in nursing homes. These include, for example, decision-making in end-of-life care, use of restraints and a lack of resources. The aim of the present study was to investigate nursing home staffs’ opinions and experiences with ethical challenges and to find out which types of ethical challenges and dilemmas occur and are being discussed in nursing homes. The study used a two-tiered approach, using a questionnaire on ethical challenges and systematic ethics work, given to all employees of a Norwegian nursing home including nonmedical personnel, and a registration of systematic ethics discussions from an Austrian model of good clinical practice. Ninety-one per cent of the nursing home staff described ethical problems as a burden. Ninety per cent experienced ethical problems in their daily work. The top three ethical challenges reported by the nursing home staff were as follows: lack of resources (79%), end-of-life issues (39%) and coercion (33%). To improve systematic ethics work, most employees suggested ethics education (86%) and time for ethics discussion (82%). Of 33 documented ethics meetings from Austria during a 1-year period, 29 were prospective resident ethics meetings where decisions for a resident had to be made. Agreement about a solution was reached in all 29 cases, and this consensus was put into practice in all cases. Residents did not participate in the meetings, while relatives participated in a majority of case discussions. In many cases, the main topic was end-of-life care and life-prolonging treatment. Lack of resources, end-of-life issues and coercion were ethical challenges most often reported by nursing home staff. The staff would appreciate systematic ethics work to aid decision-making. Resident ethics meetings can help to reach consensus in decision-making for nursing home patients. In the future, residents’ participation should be encouraged whenever possible.

T. Band-Winterstein(2015) Health Care Provision for Older Persons: The Interplay Between Ageism and Elder Neglect
The aim of this study was to explore the link between neglect and ageism in health care provision for older persons. Semistructured in-depth interviews were conducted with 30 registered nurses with at least 2 years’ experience in 10 long-term care facilities in Israel. Interviews were digitally recorded and transcribed verbatim. Data analysis was performed according to the qualitative method. Three main themes emerged: ageism and neglect as the everyday routine (neglect is built into institution life on the platform of ageism); how the institutional system promotes neglect—between institutional and personal ageism (the ways institutions promote neglect in the shadow of ageism); from vision to reality—how neglect can be prevented in an ageist reality. The attempt to demonstrate the link between ageism and neglect and suggesting how to include them as interrelated phenomena in health care provision programs could promote older persons’ quality of life.

L. Ayalon(2015) Reports of Elder Neglect by Older Adults, Their Family Caregivers, and Their Home Care Workers: A Test of Measurement Invariance
The present study evaluated the measurement invariance of a 7-item scale designed to assess elder neglect across three groups of informants: Older adults, family members, and home care workers. In addition, differential item functioning (DIF) was evaluated in order to examine whether individuals of certain characteristics have a different probability of endorsing certain items even at equivalent levels of the overall construct of neglect. A cross-sectional sample of 686 family members, 388 older adults, and 523 home care workers was drawn. A series of sequentially nested confirmatory factor models was examined to identify whether configural (the same items are associated with the same factor across groups), metric (factors have a similar meaning across groups), and scalar (group means can be meaningfully compared across groups) invariances can be established. Multi indicators multi causes analysis was conducted to identify DIF across age, gender, and education. Five items were adequate indicators of the overall construct. The findings provide support to configural, metric, and scalar invariances across the 3 groups of informants. None of the items resulted in DIF. The findings advocate for the use of the 5-item neglect scale across different groups of informants and call for the evaluation of elder neglect within the constellation of the caregiving unit.

M. J. Danesh; A. L. Chang(2015) The role of the dermatologist in detecting elder abuse and neglect
The National Research Council of the National Academies defines elder mistreatment as: (1) intentional actions that cause harm or create serious risk of harm (whether or not harm is intended) to a vulnerable elder by a caregiver or other person who stands in a trust relationship to the elder; or (2) failure by a caregiver to satisfy the elder's basic needs or to protect the elder from harm. Estimates of the prevalence of elder abuse have ranged from 2.2% to 18.4%. Dermatologists are uniquely positioned to identify and manage suspected cases of elder abuse given their expertise in distinguishing skin lesions of abuse from organic medical disease and their patient populations with strong elderly representation. This article discusses aspects of both the screening and management of elder abuse with particular relevance to dermatologists. Like physicians across medical specialties, dermatologists must be familiar with those aspects of elder abuse in screening, diagnosis, management, and reporting that are unique to their field and to those aspects that are applicable to all health care providers.

E. M. Bloemen; T. Rosen; S. Clark; D. Nash; T. J. Mielenz(2015) 
We utilized the National Ombudsman Reporting System (NORS) to describe national trends in reporting of abuse and neglect in nursing facilities to long term care ombudsmen (LTCO) from 2006 to 2013. We investigated complaints made against facility staff or residents with the following codes: physical abuse, verbal/mental abuse, sexual abuse, financial exploitation, gross neglect, and resident to resident physical or sexual abuse. Nationally, LTCO received an annual average of 11,749 abuse and neglect-related complaints in nursing homes from 2006 to 2013. These complaints trended down significantly, from 7.5 to 5.6 reports per 1000 beds (P < 0.0001). Physical abuse by a non-resident was the most frequently reported, representing an average of 28% of total abuse/neglect complaints. Improved understanding of the reasons for declines in reporting, increased training on other types of abuse and neglect, and expansion of the NORS database to allow for more comprehensive analysis are needed.

P. Brownell(2016) A reflection on gender issues in elder abuse research: Brazil and Portugal
Neglect, abuse and violence against older women has not been a prominent focus of elder abuse research. This is in spite of the fact that from an international human rights perspective this is considered a gap in policy and practice addressing abuse across the lifespan. A review of the literature reveals three dominant paradigms for studying older women and abuse, all of which have the potential for marginalizing older women’s experiences and needs. An emergent human rights perspective is discussed as a more holistic framework for understanding abuse of older women and ways of addressing this from an international perspective. Examples of research from Brazil and Portugal are reviewed and discussed.

T. Taverner; J. Baumbusch; P. Taipale(2016) Normalization of Neglect: A Grounded Theory of RNs’ Experiences as Family Caregivers of Hospitalized Seniors
Often older people, while maintaining a level of independence, rely on family members to provide care and assistance. Caregivers who are also registered nurses (RNs) may provide a different perspective around the experience when their older relative is admitted to acute care. The aim of our research was to investigate and develop theory regarding nursing care provision as described by RNs, who were family caregivers to older adults, when that older adult was admitted to acute care. Over a six-month period in 2011, RNs meeting this criterion (n = 12) were interviewed individually. We identified two central categories: “Culture of Neglect” and “Vigil by the Bedside”. The core category “Normalization of Neglect” was identified as the theory, grounded in the data the participants provided which described a culture of neglect that had normalized poor nursing care. These findings highlight the issue of neglect and abuse, and further investigation is warranted.

C. Nisha; S. Manjaly; P. Kiran; B. Mathew; A. Kasturi(2016) Study on elder abuse and neglect among patients in a medical college hospital, Bangalore, India
Elder abuse and neglect is a problem that occurs across all settings and all populations. Elder abuse has many forms, such as abandonment, emotional or psychological abuse, financial or material exploitation, neglect, physical abuse, and sexual abuse. We conducted this research to determine the prevalence of various types of abuse and neglect and their associated factors among elderly patients attending the urban and rural geriatric clinics at a medical college hospital in Bangalore, India. A total of 200 elderly patients participated in the study. The overall prevalence of elder abuse or neglect was 32 (16%), comprised of: verbal abuse in 25 (12.5%); neglect in 22 (11%); financial abuse in 17 (8.5%); and physical abuse in 3 (1.5%). Hence, many elderly patients had experienced multiple forms of abuse. There was statistically significant association between elder abuse and total financial dependence, lack of social support, and depression among the elderly patients.

M. DeLiema; D. C. Homeier; D. Anglin; D. Li; K. H. Wilber(2016) The Forensic Lens: Bringing Elder Neglect Into Focus in the Emergency Department
We present 2 case studies of older patients who were brought to the emergency department (ED) in severely debilitated states. Both presented with severe malnutrition, contractures, and decubitus ulcers, and were nonverbal, with histories of dementia and end-stage disease. Their primary caregivers, adult children, were uncooperative with Adult Protective Services and disregarded treatment recommendations. Although both elders had signs suspicious for neglect, a comprehensive review revealed many layers of complexity. We use these cases to illustrate an approach to the assessment of possible elder neglect in ED settings and how to intervene to ensure patient safety. We begin with a discussion of the differences between willful, unintentional, and unsubstantiated neglect by a caregiver and then describe when to suspect neglect by evaluating the elder, interviewing the caregiver and first responders, assessing the caregiver’s ability to meet the elder’s needs, and, if possible, obtaining medical history and information about the home care environment. These cases illustrate the importance of careful documentation in cases of suspected neglect to assist investigative agencies, reduce the risk of further harm, and improve patient outcomes.

M. B. Cannell; K. K. Jetelina; M. Zavadsky; J. M. Gonzalez(2016) Towards the development of a screening tool to enhance the detection of elder abuse and neglect by emergency medical technicians (EMTs): a qualitative study
To develop a screening tool to enhance elder abuse and neglect detection and reporting rates among emergency medical technicians (EMTs). Our primary aim was to identify the most salient indicators of elder abuse and neglect for potential inclusion on a screening tool. We also sought to identify practical elements of the tool that would optimize EMT uptake and use in the field, such as format, length and number of items, and types of response options available. Qualitative data were collected from 23 EMTs and Adult Protective Services (APS) caseworkers that participated in one of five semi-structured focus groups. Focus group data were iteratively coded by two coders using inductive thematic identification and data reduction. Findings were subject to interpretation by the research team. EMTs and APS caseworks identified eight domains of items that might be included on a screening tool: (1) exterior home condition; (2) interior living conditions; (3) social support; (4) medical history; (5) caregiving quality; (6) physical condition of the older adult; (7) older adult’s behavior; and, (8) EMTs instincts. The screening tool should be based on observable cues in the physical or social environment, be very brief, easily integrated into electronic charting systems, and provide a decision rule for reporting guidance to optimize utility for EMTs in the field. We described characteristics of a screening tool for EMTs to enhance detection and reporting of elder abuse and neglect to APS. Future research should narrow identified items and evaluate how these domains positively predict confirmed cases of elder abuse and neglect.

L. Simone; A. Wettstein; O. Senn; T. Rosemann; S. Hasler(2016) Types of abuse and risk factors associated with elder abuse
Detecting elder abuse is challenging because it is a taboo, and many cases remain unreported. This study aimed to identify types of elder abuse and to investigate its associated risk factors. Retrospective analyses of 903 dossiers created at an Independent Complaints Authority for Old Age in the Canton of Zurich, Switzerland, from January 1, 2008 to October 31, 2012. Characteristics of victims and perpetrators, types of abuse, and associated risk factors related to the victim or the perpetrator were assessed. Bi- and multivariate analysis were used to identify abuse and neglect determinants. A total of 150 cases reflected at least one form of elder abuse or neglect; 104 cases were categorised as abuse with at least one type of abuse (overall 135 mentions), 46 cases were categorised as neglect (active or passive). Psychological abuse was the most reported form (47%), followed by financial (35%), physical (30%) and anticonstitutional abuse (18%). In 81% of the 150 cases at least two risk factors existed. In 13% no associated risk factor could be identified. Compared with neglect, elders with abuse were less likely to be a nursing home resident than living at home (odds ratio [OR] 0.02, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.00–0.19). In addition, they were more likely to be cohabiting with their perpetrators (OR 18.01, 95% CI 4.43–73.19). For the majority of the reported elder abuse cases at least two associated risk factors could be identified. Knowledge about these red flags and a multifaceted strategy are needed to identify and prevent elder abuse.

E. Caspi(2017) A federal survey deficiency citation is needed for resident-to-resident aggression in U.S. nursing homes
Resident-to-resident aggression (RRA) in nursing homes is a prevalent and concerning public health problem. A rapid growth in the number of research studies has led to advancements in understanding and awareness of these incidents. However, no state survey deficiency citation (F-Tag) currently exists to capture RRA in a structured way in the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ (CMS) nursing homes F-Tags Coding System. This omission represents a major barrier to State Survey Agencies, CMS, consumers, and care advocacy organizations’ efforts to keep vulnerable and frail residents safe and free from psychological harm. The commentary makes the case for development and implementation of a new RRA-specific F-Tag by identifying 20 problem areas and the ways in which this F-Tag could address them. The new F-Tags Coding System (part of the new Federal Nursing Home regulations) represents a rare and time-sensitive opportunity to bridge this major gap in practice, research, and policy.

G. Fearing; C. L. Sheppard; L. McDonald; M. Beaulieu; S. L. Hitzig(2017) A systematic review on community-based interventions for elder abuse and neglect
Elder abuse and neglect is a societal issue that requires prevention and intervention strategies at the practice and policy level. A systematic review on the efficacy of community-based elder abuse interventions was undertaken to advance the state of knowledge in the field. The peer-reviewed literature between 2009 and December 2015 were searched across four databases. Two raters independently reviewed all articles, assessed their methodological quality, and used a modified Sackett Scale to assign levels of evidence. Four thousand nine hundred and five articles were identified; nine were selected for inclusion. Although there was Level-1 evidence for psychological interventions (n = 2), only one study on strategies for relatives (START) led to a reported decrease in elder abuse. There was Level-4 evidence for conservatorship, an elder abuse intervention/prevention program (ECARE), and a multidisciplinary intervention (n = 4), in which one study yielded significant decreases in elder abuse and/or neglect. The remaining three were classified as Level-5 evidence (n = 3) for elder mediation and multidisciplinary interventions. There are limited studies with high levels of evidence for interventions that decrease elder abuse and neglect. The scarcity of community-based interventions for older adults and caregivers highlights the need for further work to elevate the quality of studies.

C. E. Z. Pickering; K. Ridenour; Z. Salaysay; D. Reyes-Gastelum; S. J. Pierce(2017) Identifying elder abuse & neglect among family caregiving dyads: A cross sectional study of psychometric properties of the QualCare scale
Universal screening for elder abuse and neglect is a current controversy in geriatrics, fueled by the lack of evidence on valid and reliable instruments. Since each U.S. State and many other countries have their own legal definitions of what constitutes elder abuse and neglect, this further complicates instrument development and clinical assessment. The purpose of this paper is to present data on the sensitivity and specificity of the QualCare Scale, an instrument with utility in detecting clinically significant elder abuse and neglect among older adults receiving care at home. Data used in this analysis were collected during a training program in which trainees completed assessments (N = 80) of standardized case scenarios of caregiving dyads. Trainees completed the QualCare Scale during each assessment. This training program, including the assessments of the standardized case scenarios, was completed using a custom designed virtual-reality platform. Trainees were able to interact with the environment, older adult and caregiver within the case scenario. Thirty-six nurses and social workers from two Michigan Medicaid Waiver Sites participated in the training program. Each participant assessed between one and five scenarios, yielding the sample of 80 assessments used in this analysis. The research team designed each standardized case scenario to reflect whether or not the QualCare Scale subscale score should indicate reportable elder abuse and neglect per the State statute. Accordingly, the research team’s QualCare Scale scores for each scenario were used as the gold standard criterion of clinical significance for comparison against the participant’s assessment scores. Sensitivity and specificity for each of the six QualCare subscales was determined. Overall, the subscales had high sensitivity (≥0.811) but a wide range for specificity (0.167–1.000). The QualCare Scale can be an effective tool in detecting clinically significant elder abuse and neglect among older adults receiving care at home. This tool is suitable and feasible for use by practitioners working in home care. The QualCare Scale score indicating clinically significant or reportable elder abuse and neglect can be raised or lowered to be consistent with State or Country statutes, or simply used to create appropriate care plans to support caregiving. Findings from the QualCare Scale can support the multidisciplinary team in planning for and evaluating preventative interventions.

D. Y. Leung; S. K. Lo; A. Y. Leung; V. W. Lou; A. M. Chong; J. S. Kwan; W. C. Chan; I. Chi(2017) Prevalence and correlates of abuse screening items among community-dwelling Hong Kong Chinese older adults
The present study aims to describe the prevalence of potential elder abuse, and to examine correlates of abuse screening items among Chinese community-dwelling older adults. We analyzed the data of 3435 older persons aged ≥60 years who had first applied for the long-term care services in Hong Kong and completed the screening tool (Minimum Data Set–Home Care) in 2006. For each of the five abuse screening items (“fearful of a family member/caregiver,” “unexplained injuries/broken bones/burns,” “physically restrained,” “unusually poor hygiene” and “neglected/abused/mistreated”), we examined its relationship with four types of factors: older person, perpetrator, relationship and environment. The rates of individual abuse screening items ranged from 3.9% for physically restrained to 0.03% for unexplained injures/broken bones/burns. Physically restrained was positively associated with activities of daily living impairments, instrumental activities of daily living impairments, perceived poor health, physically abusive behavior and caregiver mental health. Unusually poor hygiene was positively associated with socially inappropriate behavior and actively resisted care. “Fearful of a family member/caregiver” was positively associated with perceived poor health, conflicting relationship and mental health, and negatively with care activities. Neglected/abused/mistreated was positively associated with age and informal care, and negatively with care activities. We identified a number of associated factors of different abuse screening items among older adults. Our findings could inform healthcare practitioners in identifying those older persons who might be at higher risk of abuse, and provide a knowledge base on which to develop effective preventive measures in the Chinese population. Geriatr Gerontol Int 2017; 17: 150–160. 

T. Wangmo; K. Nordström; R. W. Kressig(2017) Preventing elder abuse and neglect in geriatric institutions: Solutions from nursing care providers
This study explores how and why abuse and neglect occurs in geriatric institutions and presents practical prevention measures. Exploratory qualitative interviews were carried out with purposive sample of 23 nursing staff members. They were recruited from different institutions caring for older patients in the north-western region of Switzerland. These interviews were analyzed using thematic analysis. Participating nursing staff members reported several factors pertaining to the care provider, the older patient, and the institution that precipitated abuse and neglect. They mentioned different solutions that could help them address their responsibilities in a reasonable manner. The solutions included, for example, ensuring proper education and training, better management nursing care provider's responsibilities and timely intervention to address abuse and neglect, as well as rotating care provider. Implementing these suggestions will allow geriatric institutions, its managers, and nursing care providers to improve quality of care and reduce such negative occurrences in these settings.

N. K. Özcan; N. E. Boyacıoğlu; E. Sertçelik(2017) Reciprocal Abuse: Elder Neglect and Abuse by Primary Caregivers and Caregiver Burden and Abuse in Turkey
The aim of the study was to determine the relationship between the neglect and abuse that older people were exposed to by their primary caregivers and the experiences of caregivers' burden and abuse by their charges. This descriptive, cross-sectional and correlational study was conducted with 186 individuals over the age of 65 and 136 caregivers. The data were collected using questionnaires to determine neglect and abuse experienced by both older people and caregivers, and the Zarit Burden Scale. Abuse rate of the older people and their caregivers is both high and similar. This study is to make psychiatric nursing professionals aware of the problem of elder abuse and neglect. For researchers, educators, practitioners, and policymakers in the fields of aging, health, and mental health this study provides important data about elder abuse and neglect.

C. E. Z. Pickering; K. Nurenberg; L. Schiamberg(2017) Recognizing and Responding to the “Toxic” Work Environment: Worker Safety, Patient Safety, and Abuse/Neglect in Nursing Homes
This grounded theory study examined how the certified nursing assistant (CNA) understands and responds to bullying in the workplace. Constant comparative analysis was used to analyze data from in-depth telephone interviews with CNAs (N = 22) who experienced bullying while employed in a nursing home. The result of the analysis is a multistep model describing CNA perceptions of how, over time, they recognized and responded to the “toxic” work environment. The strategies used in responding to the “toxic” environment affected their care provision and were attributed to the development of several resident and worker safety outcomes. The data suggest that the etiology of abuse and neglect in nursing homes may be better explained by institutional cultures rather than individual traits of CNAs. Findings highlight the relationship between worker and patient safety, and suggest worker safety outcomes may be an indicator of quality in nursing homes.

L. S. Friedman; S. Avila; E. Liu; K. Dixon; O. Patch; R. Partida; H. Zielke; B. Giloth; D. Friedman; L. Moorman; W. Meltzer(2017) Using clinical signs of neglect to identify elder neglect cases
Elder neglect is the one of the most pervasive forms of mistreatment, and often the only place outside of the individual’s residence to identify and assist neglected individuals is in a medical setting. However, elder neglect cases treated in hospitals do not present with a single diagnosis or clinical sign, but rather involve a complex constellation of clinical signs. Currently, there is a lack of comprehensive guidelines on which clinical signs to use in screening tools for neglect among patients treated in hospitals. Using the DELPHI method, a group of experts developed and tested a scale to be used as a pre-screener that conceptually could be integrated into electronic health record systems so that it could identify potential neglect cases in an automated manner. By applying the scale as a pre-screener for neglect, the tool would reduce the pool of at-risk patients who would benefit from in-depth screening for elder neglect by 95%.

Ostaszkiewicz J.(2018) A conceptual model of the risk of elder abuse posed by incontinence and care dependence
To describe and critically analyse the thinking that led to the concept of an association between incontinence, care dependence and elder abuse. Coercive or abusive continence care practices include chastising a person for their incontinence and overriding their attempts to resist continence care. Neglect in continence care is characterised by withholding or delaying responding to requests for help to maintain continence or to manage incontinence, and restricting a person's access to toileting assistance, incontinence aids or hygiene care. Contemporary biomedical understandings about incontinence and influencing concepts from the fields of sociology, psychology and nursing were analysed to inform the design of a conceptual model that elucidates possible associations between incontinence, care dependence and elder abuse. Ideas generated from an analysis of the concepts led to the development of a model termed the “Model of Attributes to Abuse of Dependent Elders in Continence Care” (MADE-CC). The MADE-CC theorises factors that cause and contribute to abuse in continence care. Carer factors include physical and emotional exhaustion, frustration related to the inability to control or predict incontinence, resentment associated with constraints imposed by care dependence, disgust associated with physical contact with urine/faeces, limited knowledge and skills about incontinence and ethical conflicts concerning care. Care recipient factors include frequent and severe incontinence, cognitive impairment and a history of physical or psychological trauma. Social factors that are theorised include the stigmatised nature of incontinence, social taboos and cultural norms and the private nature of continence care. The MADE-CC illuminates the potential risk of elder abuse posed by incontinence and care dependence. It should be used to improve ethical care of older people and stimulate debate about everyday ethics in the care of older people who are care dependent and to optimise their participation in decisions about their health and well-being. Nurses and carers should be aware of the multiple interrelated factors that contribute to the risk of elder abuse in the caregiving encounter, including the role of emotions.

Söderman M, Rosendahl S, Sällström C.(2018) Caring and Uncaring Encounters between Assistant Nurses and Immigrants with Dementia Symptoms in Two Group Homes in Sweden-an Observational Study
The total number of people with dementia symptoms is expected to double every 20 years and there will also be an increase in the number of older immigrants in several countries. There are considerable deficiencies in the present knowledge of how to conduct well-functioning health care for immigrants with dementia symptoms. The aim of this study was to explore caring and uncaring encounters between assistant nurses and immigrants in two group homes for persons with dementia symptoms in Sweden: a Finnish-speaking as well as a Swedish-speaking context. In addition, this study aims to describe how caring and uncaring encounters are manifested in these two contexts according to Halldórsdóttir’s theory of “Caring and Uncaring encounters”. Method: Descriptive field notes from 30 separate observations were analyzed using qualitative deductive content analysis. The main category “caring encounters” focused on reaching out to initiate connection through communication, removing masks of anonymity by acknowledging the unique person, acknowledgment of connection by being personal. Reaching a level of truthfulness by being present and showing respect, raising the level of solidarity by equality and true negotiation of care, based on the residents’ needs. The main category, uncaring encounters, focused on disinterest in and insensitivity towards the other, coldness in the connection and lack of humanity in care situations. The observations showed that caring encounters occurred more in the Finnish-speaking context and uncaring encounters more often in the Swedish context. Encounters could be caring, uncaring, and carried out using a person-centered approach. Communication and relationships could be facilitated using the same language but also through learning to interpret residents’ needs and desires.

C. A. Sharp; J. S. Schulz Moore; M. L. McLaws(2018) The Coroner's Role in the Prevention of Elder Abuse: A Study of Australian Coroner's Court Cases Involving Pressure Ulcers in Elders
The prevention of elder abuse is a health priority around the globe. The Australian Law Reform Commission's 2017 report on Australian residential aged care facilities found that neglect may constitute elder abuse and that painful pressure ulcers (PUs) fall into this category. The purpose of this article is to examine deaths from PUs in elders 65 years and older. A database search of Australian cases identified four coroner's court cases. This article considers the role and potential of coroners' recommendations to prevent PUs. The origin and site of PUs, prevention, wound and pain management, quality of care and coronial recommendations were examined. Coronial recommendations were made in two of the cases. As judicial officers with a statutory public health function, coroners have the potential to play an important role in the prevention of deaths attributable to PUs. This article makes recommendations to harness the potential of the coronial jurisdiction to prevent PUs.

M. DeLiema; J. Yonashiro-Cho; Z. D. Gassoumis; Y. Yon; K. J. Conrad(2018) Using Latent Class Analysis to Identify Profiles of Elder Abuse Perpetrators
Research suggests that abuser risk factors differ across elder mistreatment types, but abuse interventions are not individualized. To move away from assumptions of perpetrator homogeneity and to inform intervention approaches, this study classifies abusers into subtypes according to their behavior profiles. Data are from the Older Adult Mistreatment Assessment administered to victims by Adult Protective Service (APS) in Illinois. Latent class analysis was used to categorize abusers (N = 336) using victim and caseworker reports on abusers’ harmful and supportive behaviors and characteristics. Multinomial logistic regression was then used to determine which abuser profiles are associated with 4 types of mistreatment—neglect, physical, emotional, and financial—and other sociodemographic characteristics. Abusers fall into 4 profiles descriptively labeled “Caregiver,” “Temperamental,” “Dependent Caregiver,” and “Dangerous.” Dangerous abusers have the highest levels of aggression, financial dependency, substance abuse, and irresponsibility. Caregivers are lowest in harmful characteristics and highest in providing emotional and instrumental support to victims. The 4 profiles significantly differ in the average age and gender of the abuser, the relationship to victims, and types of mistreatment committed. This is the first quantitative study to identify and characterize abuser subtypes. Tailored interventions are needed to reduce problem behaviors and enhance strengths specific to each abuser profile.

V. C. Castro; L. K. Rissardo; L. Carreira(2018) Violence against the Brazilian elderlies: an analysis of hospitalizations
to identify the prevalence of physical aggression and neglect and abandonment in the hospitalizations of Brazilian elderly people for violence and assault from 2008 to 2013 and the association of these causes with socio-demographic variables related to hospitalization. quantitative, descriptive, cross-sectional study with elderlies hospitalized for assault. Inclusion criteria: to be 60 years old or over, to have been hospitalized in the Unified Health System (SUS) for assault or neglect and abandonment, between 2008 and 2013. The data were collected in February 2016, in Datasus database and descriptive and inferentially, using the Chi-square distribution, in the Epi Info 3.5.4 program. the prevalence of hospitalizations due to assaults and violence prevailed among 60 and 69 years old men in the public sector. For abandonment and neglect, there was a higher prevalence in women, over 80 years old, in the public sector. nurses must be able to identify and prevent violence against the elderly.

Laybourne A, Livingston G, Cousins S, Rapaport P, Lambe K, La Frenais F, Savage H, Manela M, Stringer A, Marston L, Barber J, Cooper C.(2019) Carer coping and resident agitation as predictors of quality of life in care home residents living with dementia: Managing Agitation and Raising Quality of Life (MARQUE) English national care home prospective cohort study
The objectives of the study are (1) to test our primary hypothesis that carers using more dysfunctional coping strategies predict lower quality of life in care home residents living with dementia, and this is moderated by levels of resident agitation, and (2) to explore relationships between carer dysfunctional coping strategy use, agitation, quality of life, and resident survival. In the largest prospective cohort to date, we interviewed carers from 97 care home units (baseline, 4, 8, 12, 16 months) about quality of life (DEMQOL-Proxy) and agitation (Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory) of 1483 residents living with dementia. At baseline, we interviewed 1566 carers about coping strategies (Brief COPE), averaging scores across care home units. Carer dysfunctional coping strategies did not predict resident quality of life over 16 months (0.03, 95% CI −0.40 to 0.46). Lower resident quality of life was longitudinally associated with worse Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory score (−0.25, 95% CI −0.26 to −0.23). Survival was not associated with carer dysfunctional coping, resident quality of life, or agitation scores. Carer dysfunctional coping did not predict resident quality of life. Levels of resident agitation were consistently high and related to lower quality of life, over 16 months. Lack of association between carer dysfunctional coping and resident quality of life may reflect the influence of the care home or an insensitivity of aggregated coping strategy scores. The lack of relationship with survival indicates that agitation is not explained mainly by illness. Scalable interventions to reduce agitation in care home residents living with dementia are urgently needed.

M. Neuberg; T. Meštrović; R. Ribić; M. Šubarić; I. Canjuga; G. Kozina(2019) CONTRASTING VANTAGE POINTS BETWEEN CAREGIVERS AND RESIDENTS ON THE PERCEPTION OF ELDER ABUSE AND NEGLECT DURING LONG-TERM CARE 
Elder abuse and neglect can be defined as refusing or failing to fulfil a caregiver's obligation to meet the needs of elderly individuals in order to punish or hurt them. We aimed to explore perceptions of elder mistreatment of both caregivers and
residents during long-term care, and highlight significant differences in the overall mistreatment perception regarding sociodemographic variables, as well as the type of care facility. The study involved 171 caregivers and 245 elderly individuals in stationary facilities. Two structured questionnaires were used - one for caregivers and the other for institutionalized elderly residents, whose initial validation concerning question and factor selection has been based upon exploratory factor analysis and discriminant validity. Parametric and nonparametric tests were employed in the statistical analysis, and statistical significance was set at p<0.05 (two-sided). We found significant differences in the perception of elder abuse and neglect between caregivers and elderly residents. More specifically, caregivers tend to recognize unnecessary or inappropriate medical/care procedures as indicators of elder mistreatment, while the elderly residents emphasize the removal of their personal belongings and inappropriate physical contact. According to the care facility, residents reported abuse/neglect more frequently in extended care units (21.4%), compared to the county-owned nursing home (11.4%) and private nursing home (12.1%) (p=0.001). Similarly, caregivers reported abuse/neglect more frequently in extended care units (75.4%), in comparison to county-owned nursing home (24.6%) and private nursing home(0%) (p=0.039). Shift work was also a significant predictor, as the morning nursing staff perceived abuse/neglect more frequently(p=0.011). This study has shown that residents and caregivers have contrasting vantage points in relation to elder abuse/neglect perception, which underlines the need for evidence-based standardization of procedures to prevent any type of elder mistreatment. 

D. Burnes; M. S. Lachs; D. Burnette; K. Pillemer(2019) Varying Appraisals of Elder Mistreatment Among Victims: Findings from a Population-Based Study
Prior elder mistreatment (EM) research has not examined subjective assessments of problem seriousness from the perspective of victims. This study sought to describe the variation in appraisals of perceived EM seriousness among victims of emotional abuse, physical abuse, and neglect and to examine factors that influence varying appraisals using neutralization theory. Data came from a subsample of EM victims (n = 191) drawn from a representative, population-based study (n = 4,156) of community-dwelling, cognitively intact older adults in New York State. The Conflict Tactics Scale and Duke Older Americans Resources and Services scales were adapted to assess EM. Subjective appraisal of abuse/neglect was measured according to ordinal levels of victim-perceived seriousness and predicted using ordinal regression. Emotional abuse was appraised less seriously among victims who were both functionally impaired and dependent upon the perpetrator, lived with the perpetrator, and of increasing age. Emotional abuse was perceived with greater seriousness among victims enduring more frequent/varied abuse and when the perpetrator was distally-related. Neglect was appraised with lower seriousness among female victims and greater seriousness if perpetrated by a paid homecare attendant or in scenarios involving more frequent/varied unmet needs. Findings carry implications for understanding victim help-seeking behavior and informing EM measurement.

M. C. Lin(2020) Communication neglect, caregiver anger and hostility, and perceptions of older care receivers' cognitive status and problem behaviors in explaining elder abuse
The goal of the current study was to examine the roles of communication neglect and caregiver traits (i.e., anger and hostility) in explaining caregivers’ tendency to engage in abusive behaviors – specifically, whether such tendency is likely to occur in situations where caregivers perceive older care receivers displaying cognitive impairment or problem behaviors. Two hundred fifty-five informal caregivers completed an online questionnaire via Qualtrics. Treating communication neglect as the mediator, and caregiver anger and hostility as moderators, the results suggested that caregivers who perceived their older care receivers displaying problem behaviors were more likely to engage in communication neglect, which then led to psychological abuse. Moreover, the joint effects of communication neglect and caregiver anger and hostility intensified caregivers’ likelihood to commit psychological abuse. These findings provide initial evidence to further investigate the importance of communication neglect and dysfunctional behaviors such as anger and hostility in explaining psychological abuse in informal caregiving for older adults.

A. P. DePrince; J. M. Olomi; M. S. Lee; L. K. Hasche; A. M. Casparian; L. L. Pettit(2020) Exploring an Emerging Measurement Issue in Older Adult Maltreatment: Exploitation of Older Adults’ Residences
Despite nationwide housing challenges that might lead to the exploitation of older adults’ housing resources, exploitation of older adults’ residences has not been a focus of measurement in the rapidly developing field of elder abuse and neglect. Rather, measures of older adult abuse and exploitation used in the research literature emphasize specific property, money, or resources being taken. Two composites are used to illustrate exploitation of older adults’ residences by trusted others on whom the older adults depended with potentially serious implications for environmental safety and ultimately the older adults’ housing stability. As part of a larger study on older adult maltreatment, police reports were coded for abuse and financial exploitation as well as misuse of the older adult’s residence that threatened the older adult’s housing security and/or exerted control over the older adult. Nearly one in ten (9.2%) police reports involving older adult victims and known/trusted perpetrators described exploitation of residences. Residence exploitation was separable from financial exploitation and less likely to co-occur with neglect. Considering the importance of housing stability to older adult well-being, consequences of maltreatment by a known/trusted other, and a national housing crisis, we propose that exploitation of older adults’ residences warrants further measurement and practice attention. Findings are relevant to advancing theory in older adult maltreatment (e.g., application of white-collar crime versus betrayal trauma and family violence theories).

A. Stodolska; A. Parnicka; B. Tobiasz-Adamczyk; T. Grodzicki(2020) Exploring Elder Neglect: New Theoretical Perspectives and Diagnostic Challenges
Neglect of older adults is a complex and important social problem which is difficult to detect. The aim of this review is to explore and categorize different characteristics of elder neglect, to facilitate a uniform conceptualization and provide recommendations for identification of the phenomenon. Articles published between January 1990 and February 2019, both from developed and developing countries, were taken into consideration. The literature search was performed in PubMed, Web of Science, and CINAHL using keywords related to elder abuse and neglect. Articles regarding the concept of elder neglect, identifying or measuring this phenomenon were reviewed. The identified indicators were presented according to the Maslow’s hierarchy of needs. From 7,207 articles found in the initial search, 63 relevant studies were selected for the final analysis. Indicators most frequently used by researchers (functionality, physical appearance and health, social and psychological background, mental health, and environment) correspond to different aspects of needs. Caregiver’s responsibility, satisfaction of needs, and risk of harm are the core elements to consider in identification of neglect. The identified elements and categories of indicators provide the framework for developing standard definitions and measures of elder neglect. The proposed diagram demonstrates gaps in identification and can be useful in detecting potential neglect in various categories of needs. Further research on perceptions and prevalence of elder neglect in different countries would be helpful for cross-country analysis as well as for adaptation of the instruments to cultural specifics.

J. L. Williams; E. H. Racette; M. A. Hernandez-Tejada; R. Acierno(2020) Prevalence of Elder Polyvictimization in the United States: Data From the National Elder Mistreatment Study
Elder abuse, including emotional, physical, sexual, financial, and neglectful mistreatment is widespread in the United States, with as much as 11% of community-residing older adults experiencing some form of abuse in the past year. Little data exist regarding the prevalence of polyvictimization, or experience of multiple forms of abuse, which may exacerbate negative outcomes over that of any one form of victimization in isolation. This study evaluates the prevalence of elder polyvictimization among a nationally representative sample of community-residing U.S. older adults. Data from the National Elder Mistreatment Study were examined using bivariate and logistic regression analyses. Approximately, 1.7% of older adults experienced past-year polyvictimization, for which risk factors included problems accomplishing activities of daily living (odds ratio [OR] = 2.47), low social support (OR = 1.64), and past experience of traumatic events (OR = 4.81). Elder polyvictimization is a serious problem affecting community-residing older adults with identifiable targets for intervention.

M. Adhikari Baral; B. Khatri Chhetri; P. Bhandari(2021) Abuse of older adults before moving to old age homes in Pokhara Lekhnath Metropolitan City, Nepal: A cross-sectional study
The number of older individuals relocating from their homes to old age homes is increasing in Nepal. This study was conducted to assess the reasons why older people chose to move to old age homes, the status and forms of abuse they experienced, and the risk factors associated with their abuse before moving to old age homes. This study was a cross sectional study conducted among older adults currently residing in all the old age homes of Pokhara Lekhnath Metropolitan City. Complete enumeration of the respondents was done and data was collected consecutively, using a semi-structured interview schedule, from all older adults aged 60 years and above who had been living in the homes for at least a month. The total sample size was 109. The collected data was analyzed using descriptive statistics and binary logistic regression was used as an inferential statistics to determine the predictors of abuse. A majority of the respondents (56.0%) came to old age homes on their own volition, 24.7% reported that they came to the homes because they were physically weak and they had no one to care for them at their residence, while 11% reported that they were forcefully sent by their caregivers. Out of total respondents, 60.6% reported that they experienced some form of abuse before they came to the old age home: most frequent was caregiver neglect (34.9%) and verbal abuse (34.9%), while few experienced financial abuse (2.8%). Women were at a higher risk of abuse than men (p<0.05, OR = 4.430, CI = 1.695–11.577) prior to their transfer to old age homes. A majority of the older adults who transferred to old age homes in Pokhara Lekhnath Metropolitan city had been earlier abused by their caregivers, mainly through neglect and verbal abuse, and women were at a higher risk for abuse than men.

B. Fang; E. Yan(2021) Abuse of Older Persons With Cognitive and Physical Impairments: Comparing Percentages Across Informants and Operational Definitions
This study compared percentages of elder abuse reported by older adults and their family caregivers, using reports from attending medical professionals to triangulate the reports. Percentages were also compared using different criteria proposed in the literature. In total, 1,002 older Chinese aged 55 years or above and their primary family caregivers were recruited from three leading public hospitals in Guangdong, People’s Republic of China. Caregivers and care recipients were separately interviewed and provided information on their demographic characteristics and past year percentages of abuse. A clinical team including a chief physician, two attending physicians, three resident physicians, and two senior nurses provided observer measures through reviewing the medical records and their daily observations. Regardless of the informants and operational definitions used, caregiver neglect was the most commonly reported (35.4% to 65.0%), followed by psychological abuse (11.1% to 51.1%), financial exploitation (17.9% to 40.8%), and physical abuse (0.8% to 2.2%). This study found huge variations in percentages of elder abuse by different informants and operational definitions. Depending on the types of abuse concerned, different informants should be consulted to yield more reliable estimates.

Emily Cousins, Kay de Vries, Karen Harrison Dening(2021) Ethical care during COVID-19 for care home residents with dementia
The COVID-19 pandemic has had a devastating impact on care homes in the United Kingdom, particularly for those residents living with dementia. The impetus for this article comes from a recent review conducted by the authors. That review, a qualitative media analysis of news and academic articles published during the first few months of the outbreak, identified ethical care as a key theme warranting further investigation within the context of the crisis. To explore ethical care further, a set of salient ethical values for delivering care to care home residents living with dementia during the pandemic was derived from a synthesis of relevant ethical standards, codes and philosophical approaches. The ethical values identified were caring, non-maleficence, beneficence, procedural justice, dignity in death and dying, well-being, safety, and personhood. Using these ethical values as a framework, alongside examples from contemporaneous media and academic sources, this article discusses the delivery of ethical care to care home residents with dementia within the context of COVID-19. The analysis identifies positive examples of ethical values displayed by care home staff, care sector organisations, healthcare professionals and third sector advocacy organisations. However, concerns relating to the death rates, dignity, safety, well-being and personhood – of residents and staff – are also evident. These shortcomings are attributable to negligent government strategy, which resulted in delayed guidance, lack of resources and Personal Protective Equipment, unclear data, and inconsistent testing. Consequently, this review demonstrates the ways in which care homes are underfunded, under resourced and undervalued.

Gallagher A, Peacock M, Williams E, Zasada M, Cox A.(2021) Findings from a mixed-methods pragmatic cluster trial evaluating the impact of ethics education interventions on residential care-givers 
There has been little previous research regarding the effectiveness of ethics education interventions for residential care-givers. The Researching Interventions to Promote Ethics in social care project responded to the question: Which is the most effective ethics education intervention for care-givers in residential social care? A pragmatic cluster trial explored the impact of three ethics education interventions for: (a) interactive face-to-face ethics teaching; (b) reflective ethics discussion groups; and (c) an immersive simulation experience. There was also a control arm (d). 144 trial participants were recruited from 39 residential care homes for older people in southern England. Change scores compared across intervention arms showed a significant reduction in work-related moral stress in the teaching arm compared with control group (p = .03); there were no significant differences between control and intervention arms in change scores for moral sensitivity, interpersonal reactivity (empathy) or ethical leadership. Qualitative data themes were as follows: ethical care; care challenges; and ethical care inhibitors. Overall findings stimulate reflection on the value of three different ethics education interventions and the most appropriate means to evaluate their impact. Findings suggest the complexity and diverse nature of ethical competence in care. We suggest a way forward for research evaluating ethics education.

S. A. Drake; A. Akande; P. A. Kelly; Y. Yang; D. A. Wolf(2021) Identifying gaps and improving investigation of fatal elder abuse and/or neglect
Death investigator and autopsy reports for decedents 65 years and older within a major metropolitan area over a five-year period were assessed for the possibility of elder abuse and/or neglect. The study consisted of two stages. A simple two-question screening criteria was used to determine whether the decedent was (1) dependent on another for at least one activity of daily living and (2) had a presence of at least one indicator of abuse and/or neglect. Second, only cases with affirmative criteria responses were reviewed to identify inconsistent or deficient variables that precluded (or if present, allowed) determination of abuse and/or neglect. A multidisciplinary panel of local and national experts, including forensic pathologists, law enforcement, and geriatricians assessed these indicators as indicative of presence of abuse/neglect, and these indicators were subsequently developed as a supplemental data collection tool. Of a possible 2798 cases, 2324 (83%) were excluded using the screening criteria. This reduced the number of cases that warranted further investigation to 474 (17% of elderly deaths in this timeframe). All 474 decedents were dependent on another for at least one ADL and 322 (68%) had unexplained injuries. In 180 (38%) cases had recorded notation of a suspicion of abuse and/or neglect at the time of death. The results support the premise that a simple, two-criterion screening can effectively identify cases of potential abuse and/or neglect and, when followed by a supplemental data collection tool, cases can be efficiently evaluated.

S. W. Wazid; R. M. Yunus; N. N. Mohd Hairi; W. Y. Choo(2021) Malay version of the modified Conflict Tactics Scale of elder abuse and neglect (MMCTS-EAN): Validation and methodological challenges
Among the challenges in systematic inquiry into elder abuse and neglect (EAN) is the lack of standardized tool of measurement. Existing literature demonstrates diverse tools being used, with the Conflict Tactics Scale (CTS) and its versions being the most common. The Malaysian Elder Mistreatment Project (MAESTRO) utilized the Modified CTS developed and used by the National Study of Elder Abuse and Neglect in Ireland (NSEA-I). This article aimed to validate this Malay version of the modified CTS for use in the Malaysian context and by Malay-speaking populations across Southeast Asia while highlighting the various practical and methodological challenges encountered along the process. Data were collected from 1927 older respondents who lived in Kuala Pilah district. Preliminary data screening led to the dropping of 10 items due to 0 variance. Further four items were deleted during CFA due to low loading. The indicators of neglect factor were made into a composite factor due to high collinearity. The final scale had acceptable reliability and validity. This tool is likely to assist in assessing and detecting EAN more quickly and conveniently. It will also assist future researches of EAN in taking into account the issues that arise in the measurement of EAN.

Tomoko Hamasaki, Akihito Hagihara(2021) Medical malpractice litigation related to choking accidents in older people in Japan 
To analyse malpractice litigation cases in Japan and identify the factors related to choking accidents in older people. Choking while eating is common in older people and has potentially severe consequences. This study analysed court decisions related to choking accidents occurring in Japan between 2000 and 2015 that involved the death of an older person or permanent severe choking-related injury. A database of court decisions (n = 23) was constructed according to patient and caregiver characteristics, and nursing services. An analysis was performed on caregiver liability, and to identify factors related to choking accidents. The court ruled that the caregiver was liable in 10 of the 23 cases. Liability was related to appropriate food choices, failure to monitor of eating or the non-performance of resuscitation after an accident. Prior knowledge of aspiration (P < .001), inappropriate assistance during the meal (P < .001), and inappropriate emergency treatment (P = .028) were more likely to be present in cases in which caregivers were judged liable than in those in which they were not. Lack of appropriate assistance during the meal was the factor most strongly associated with a court ruling of caregiver liability for choking accidents in older people.

S. Saga; L. E. Blekken; S. Nakrem; A. Sandmoe(2021) Relatives’ experiences with abuse and neglect in Norwegian nursing homes. A qualitative study
Elder abuse in nursing homes (NH) is a widespread and complex problem. Residents’ ability to share their experiences are impeded, due to a high degree of cognitive problems and frailty, and previous studies are thus mainly based on reports from staff. Therefore, we aimed to give voice to the residents by investigating their relatives’ experiences with elder abuse in NH. Qualitative individual interviews were conducted with 16 relatives of residents with experience of abuse and/or neglect in NH. Content analysis was used to analyse the data. Relatives perceived neglect as most pervasive and staff-to-resident psychological abuse as a key problem. Physical abuse was mostly related to resident-to-resident aggression. Relatives perceived elder abuse in NH to be related to low competence among staff, low staffing, poor NH leadership, working cultures characterized by fear and loyalty to employer or co-workers, and a lack of individualized care for the residents. Furthermore, relatives themselves experienced maltreatment from NH, which caused them to suffer stress, anxiety and distrust. Relatives also expressed a need to compensate for lack of care. Relatives of NH residents who had experienced abuse reported that neglect of basic care and individual rights was predominant and viewed organizational explanations as most important. Relatives perceive themselves as collaborators in care and are emotionally attached to their family member. Therefore, if relatives experience resident abuse or neglect, it inflicts a feeling of being mistreated themselves, particularly if they are not listened to or their notice of abuse on the part of the resident is ignored or trivialized. Including relatives in a committed partnership with NH in care practices is not only a valuable path to reduce the risk of abuse, but it also leads to a more sustainable healthcare with high standards of quality and safety.

M. Andela; D. Truchot; V. Huguenotte(2021) Work Environment and Elderly Abuse in Nursing Homes: The Mediating Role of Burnout
The present study focuses on elderly abuse committed by nurses and nurses’ aides in nursing homes. Elderly abuse includes neglect and abusive behaviors deleterious to the health and welfare of the elderly. The study aimed at a better understanding of neglect and abusive behaviors by considering caregiver burnout and the work context of these professionals. To achieve this goal, direct effects of job demands (workload and emotional demands) and organizational resources (quality of relationships with colleagues and with the supervisor) on elderly abuse were analyzed. Moreover, the mediating role of caregiver burnout was explored by suggesting that job demands and lack of organizational resources were related to neglect and abusive behaviors through burnout. The study was conducted among 481 nurses and health care assistants from different French nursing homes. Correlations, multiple regressions, and mediation analyses were performed. Results globally confirmed our hypotheses. Emotional demands and poor quality relationships with colleagues and the team supervisor were the most predictive variables for caregiver burnout, neglect, and abusive behaviors toward the elderly. Moreover, the results contributed to the literature by highlighting the mediating effect of burnout and give rise to potential implications in preventing elderly abuse in nursing homes.

S. Lev; P. Dolberg; B. Lang(2022) “They just did what they usually do”: Mistreatment, abuse, and neglect in nursing homes from the perspective of Ministry of Health auditing teams
The aim of this article was to examine how Ministry of Health auditing teams experience quality of care, mistreatment, abuse, and neglect in nursing homes in Israel. The research included four in-depth focus groups consisting of 19 multidisciplinary auditors. The qualitative analysis was encoded in stages with repeated comparisons between individual participants and within groups and led to three main themes: (1) Failure in addressing basic, personal, and social needs of residents in nursing homes; (2) Mistreatment manifested in violation of residents’ privacy and human dignity, neglect, and physical harm; (3) Abuse, including psychological, financial, and physical abuse. The findings can be explained by the characteristics of nursing homes as total institutions, as well as perceptions of ageism and de-humanization of the residents. In addition, the findings highlight the importance of the auditing role in monitoring the nursing homes’ quality of care and the safety of the residents.

M. Neuberg; V. Pudmej Ešegović; M. Križaj; T. Cikač; T. Meštrović(2022) Abuse and neglect of older people in health facilities from the perspective of nursing professionals: A cross-sectional study from Croatia
Abuse and neglect of older people represent a salient public health issue that remains understudied in the current literature. However, most studies have focused on estimating the prevalence of mistreatment of older people, while litter priority has been put on healthcare professionals and their role in addressing this problem. The aim of this paper was to determine nurses' perceptions of neglect and abuse of older persons within health facilities in Croatia. A cross-sectional survey with convenience sampling approach was conducted on 632 nursing professionals between 26 March and 26 April 2020. Participation was voluntary and anonymous. A questionnaire from Drennan et al. (NCPOP, University College Dublin, Dublin, 2012), previously adapted by Neuberg et al. (Arch Ind Hyg Toxicol, 68, 2017, 190), was used as a survey instrument. Descriptive and inferential statistics has been used, as well as multivariable methods (reliability analysis). Significance was set at p < .05 (two-tailed). Abuse/neglect of older people was observed by 13.8% to 57.4% of nursing professionals, depending on the incident type. The most prevalent incidents observed were ignoring the call of an older person (57.4%), shouting at an older person in anger (41.1%) and force-feeding an older person (34.5%), while the least prevalent incidents observed were denial of food or some privileges as a form of punishment (13.8%). Male nursing professionals reported observing various forms of abuse significantly more often than their female counterparts (p = .038), without statistically significant age-related differences. Furthermore, mistreatment of older people was much more frequently observed in nursing homes (p = .013), with suboptimal the ratio of caregivers and care recipients, as well as by nursing professionals who work in shifts (p = .012). Reliability analysis demonstrated a satisfactory level of internal consistency for the used questionnaire. This study reinforces neglect and abuse of older people as a growing public health problem and puts the emphasis on its perception; hence, there is a need for systematic and continuous training of nursing professionals on preventing, identifying and responding to such mistreatment, with the aim of enhancing the quality of life in this vulnerable group. This study contributes to the growing body of research on the quality of evidence-based nursing care of older people, most notably from providers' perspective - with direct implications for policy, practice, research and training.

L. P. Zhang; Y. G. Du; H. Y. Dou; J. Liu(2022) Abuse and neglect of older people in health facilities from the perspective of nursing professionals: A cross-sectional study from Croatia
Abuse and neglect of older people represent a salient public health issue that remains understudied in the current literature. However, most studies have focused on estimating the prevalence of mistreatment of older people, while litter priority has been put on healthcare professionals and their role in addressing this problem. The aim of this paper was to determine nurses' perceptions of neglect and abuse of older persons within health facilities in Croatia. A cross-sectional survey with convenience sampling approach was conducted on 632 nursing professionals between 26 March and 26 April 2020. Participation was voluntary and anonymous. A questionnaire from Drennan et al. (NCPOP, University College Dublin, Dublin, 2012), previously adapted by Neuberg et al. (Arch Ind Hyg Toxicol, 68, 2017, 190), was used as a survey instrument. Descriptive and inferential statistics has been used, as well as multivariable methods (reliability analysis). Significance was set at p < .05 (two-tailed). Abuse/neglect of older people was observed by 13.8% to 57.4% of nursing professionals, depending on the incident type. The most prevalent incidents observed were ignoring the call of an older person (57.4%), shouting at an older person in anger (41.1%) and force-feeding an older person (34.5%), while the least prevalent incidents observed were denial of food or some privileges as a form of punishment (13.8%). Male nursing professionals reported observing various forms of abuse significantly more often than their female counterparts (p = .038), without statistically significant age-related differences. Furthermore, mistreatment of older people was much more frequently observed in nursing homes (p = .013), with suboptimal the ratio of caregivers and care recipients, as well as by nursing professionals who work in shifts (p = .012). Reliability analysis demonstrated a satisfactory level of internal consistency for the used questionnaire. This study reinforces neglect and abuse of older people as a growing public health problem and puts the emphasis on its perception; hence, there is a need for systematic and continuous training of nursing professionals on preventing, identifying and responding to such mistreatment, with the aim of enhancing the quality of life in this vulnerable group. This study contributes to the growing body of research on the quality of evidence-based nursing care of older people, most notably from providers' perspective - with direct implications for policy, practice, research and training.

Y. C. Fu; M. Y. Pei; J. J. Liao; N. Li; F. C. Zhang; H. L. Liu(2023) Prevalence and correlates of elder neglect in the community-dwelling Chinese population: New evidence from the CLHLS study
This study aimed to explore the prevalence of elder neglect (EN) and its associated factors among community-based Chinese older adults.We used data from the 2018 phase of a nationwide cross-sectional study, the Chinese Longitudinal Healthy Longevity Survey (CLHLS), which recruited 15,854 older adults to complete the study interviews that incorporated six dimensions of EN, namely, life neglect, social isolation, medical neglect, poor living situation, family neglect, and social neglect. Multivariate logistic regression was used to explore factors associated with EN. We included demographic factors, chronic diseases, cognitive function, and daily activity function in our comprehensive analysis and showed that they had different effects on the six EN dimensions. Different demographic factors such as gender, age, marriage, education, occupation, residence, and household income were included in the comprehensive analysis, and the results showed that these factors had different effects on the six dimensions of EN. Next, we found that older adults with chronic diseases are prone to life neglect, medical neglect, and residential environment neglect. Older adults with better cognitive abilities were less likely to be neglected, and a decline in daily activity capacity has been linked to EN in older adults. Future studies are needed to identify the health effects of these associated factors, develop prevention strategies for EN, and improve the quality of life of older adults living in communities.

L. Lutz; M. F. Klinger; F. Holz; M. A. Verhoff; J. Amendt(2024) How to prove neglect in the context of the post-mortem examination
Understanding the causes, extent, and period of neglect is not only a medical but also a forensic task when it comes to legal investigations. In this study, we evaluated 46 autopsied cases where there was clear evidence of physical neglect during the last period of the deceased’s life. The age of the deceased ranged from 21 to 96 years; most of them were female (71.7%). The majority of cases (89.9%) took place in a domestic environment, with partners or relatives providing care. The most frequent post-mortem findings were pressure sores, followed by inflammatory skin changes, and signs of malnutrition and dehydration. Neglect was the cause or co-cause of death in 23% of the cases. More than half of the deceased showed severe contamination of the skin surface by excrement, and in almost 40% of the cases, fly infestation was found. The majority of insects belonged to the group of house flies (Diptera: Muscidae), mainly the common house fly, Musca domestica. By analyzing the entomological evidence, it was possible to prove an insect infestation period of at least several days ante-mortem. Since the period of neglect may be relevant in terms of legal proceedings, the present work demonstrates the particular importance of insect traces in providing this evidence. While prosecution and conviction of caregivers remain challenging, it is all the more essential that entomology and legal medicine collaborate on the analysis of findings of neglect.

A. Duffy; M. Connolly; F. Browne(2024) Older people's experiences of elder abuse in residential care settings: A scoping review
Elder abuse is a global human rights issue, particularly in residential care settings where there is limited understanding of older people's experiences of this phenomenon. This scoping review aims to map and describe the existing literature on this phenomenon. Using Arksey and O'Malley's scoping review methodology, further developed by Levac et al. and the Joanna Briggs Institute, a systematic search of six databases was conducted to identify relevant studies published from inception to January 2023. Studies were included if they focused on older people's experience of abuse within residential care settings. A comprehensive data extraction process was employed to identify key themes from the included studies. The initial search yielded a total of 3701 articles of which eight met the inclusion criteria. The findings revealed a range of abusive experiences encountered by older people living in residential care settings, including psychological, physical, financial, neglect and sexual abuse. The common attributes of residents vulnerable to abuse were evident throughout each of the studies. Finally, the theme of organizational neglect was apparent through the absence of effective safeguarding measures in the included studies. The findings revealed the insufficient implementation of safeguarding measures increases the risk of abuse among residents. This scoping review highlights the limited research on the experiences of older people who have encountered elder abuse in residential care settings. The findings stress the need for further research exploring the complex interplay of factors contributing to elder abuse within aged care settings. The insights gained from this scoping review can inform the development of comprehensive safeguarding strategies to prevent and address elder abuse in residential care settings, promoting the well-being and safety of older people.

A. Giorgetti; G. Pelletti; C. Fiorentini; M. C. Mazzotti; P. Fais; S. Pelotti(2024) On tackling abuse of older people: The forensic challenges in fatal cases investigation
The World Health Organization recently presented the priorities for tackling abuse of older people in a coordinated and strategic way. However, data on the forensic scenario is still lacking. In this context, the aim of the present work was to provide a comprehensive literature review of this inherently complex phenomenon in the post-mortem setting, in order to better characterize it from a forensic point of view. A comprehensive literature search was performed in three electronic databases following the PRISMA guidelines. Sociodemographic and medical data of victims and perpetrators, post-mortem data, types of abuse and risk factors were extracted from non-aggregated data. Forty-eight papers dealing with abuse in the post-mortem setting were included, with a predominance of case reports and case series. The review showed that neglect was the most common type of abuse and victims are predominantly older women who are abused in a domestic setting by trusted family member. To generate more and better data, expanded research in the forensic field requires standardized methods and the raise of professional awareness about abuse of older people.

S. Rushwan; H. Skipalska; A. Capasso; P. Navario; T. Castillo(2024) Understanding Domestic Violence Among Older Women in Ukraine: A Secondary Analysis Using Gender-Based Violence Screening Data
This secondary descriptive analysis sought to understand Gender-Based Violence (GBV), with a focus on Domestic Violence (DV), among older women in Ukraine’s conflict setting. Analysis was conducted on a subsample of 150 women aged 60+ from GBV-Information Management System intake data of 12,480 GBV survivors. Fisher’s exact tests were used to compare differences in GBV incidents among women who experienced DV compared to other types of GBV. Using United Nations humanitarian and aging frameworks, qualitative analysis was completed following two rounds of coding. Sixty percent of women aged ≥60 experienced DV. Local women were more likely to experience DV versus displaced women (85.6% vs. 48.3%, p < .001). Six core themes emerged: experiencing versus witnessing violence, intergenerational conflict, livelihoods, alcohol, humiliation, and neglect. Deeper understanding of DV among older women in humanitarian settings is needed, strengthening a call to action to prioritize protection against, and prevention of, GBV more broadly among this marginalized group.

Rizzo, Victoria M; Burnes, David; Chalfy, Amy(2015) A Systematic Evaluation of a Multidisciplinary Social Work–Lawyer Elder Mistreatment Intervention Model
This study introduces a conceptually based, systematic evaluation process employing multivariate techniques to evaluate a multidisciplinary social work–lawyer intervention model (JASA-LEAP). Logistic regression analyses were used with a random sample of case records (n = 250) from three intervention sites. Client retention, program fidelity, and exposure to multidisciplinary services were significantly related to reduction in mistreatment risk at case closure. Female gender, married status, and living with perpetrator significantly predicted unfavorable outcomes. This study extends the elder mistreatment program evaluation literature beyond descriptive/bivariate evaluation strategies. Findings suggest that a multidisciplinary social work–lawyer elder mistreatment intervention model is a successful approach.

Dong, XinQi(2015) Elder abuse in Chinese populations: A global review
This review focuses on the epidemiology of elder abuse in the global Chinese population with respect to its prevalence, risk factors, and consequences, as well as the perceptions of elder abuse. Evidence revealed that elder abuse and its subtypes are common among the global Chinese population with prevalence ranging from 0.2% to 64%. Younger age, lower income levels, depression, cognitive impairment, and lack of social support were consistently associated with self-reported elder abuse. Caregiver burden was a constant risk factor for the proclivity to elder abuse by caregivers. The adverse health outcomes of elder abuse included suicidal ideation and psychological stress. Some primary research gaps exist: such as, lack of consistency in measurements and recall periods, insufficient studies on the causal relationships between potential risk factors and elder abuse, consequences of elder abuse, and possible interventions. In order to reduce the risk of elder abuse in the global Chinese population, collaboration is encouraged among researchers, health care professionals, social service providers, and policy makers.

Ayalon, Liat(2016) A triadic perspective on elder neglect within the home care arrangement
The present study evaluates a conceptual model of elder neglect within the home care arrangement that takes into consideration the older adult, his or her family members, and the home care worker. Data from 223 complete care-giving units, which consist of an older adult, a family member and a home care worker, were analysed using structural equation modelling. Overall, 31.5 per cent of the older adults, 18 per cent of the care workers and 32.3 per cent of the family members reported at least one type of elder neglect. The proposed model showed a reasonable fit to the data. There was an inverse effect from type of home care to family member's burden and elder neglect, with live-in (around the clock) care being associated with lower levels of family member burden and elder neglect compared with live-out Israeli home care (provided for several hours per week). The amount of informal assistance provided by family members was inversely related to the amount of burden reported by home care workers, with greater informal assistance being associated with lower levels of worker burden. The findings call for the important role of formal home care by demonstrating a potentially protective effect for live-in migrant home care. The study also emphasises the shared burden between formal and informal sources of care.

Mysyuk, Yuliya;Westendorp, Rudi G. J.;Lindenberg, Jolanda(2016) Older persons’ definitions and explanations of elder abuse in the Netherlands
In this article we explore older persons’ definitions of and explanations for elder abuse in the Netherlands by means of interviews with older persons. A qualitative study was conducted based on semistructured interviews with 35 older persons who had no experience with abuse. Our findings show that older persons participating in our study define elder abuse foremost as physical violence that is performed intentionally. The study participants explain elder abuse as a result of the dependency and vulnerability of older persons, of changing norms and values, and of changes in the position of older persons in society, which result in disrespect toward older persons and a lack of social control and responsibility. The older persons’ explanations for the occurrence of abuse mainly focus on societal changes; older persons seem to regard elder abuse primarily as a societal problem. This understanding of, and explanation for, elder abuse may influence their detection and reporting behavior, as they may tend to acknowledge only severe cases of intentional physical violence that leave clear and therefore physically detectable evidence.

Gao, Xiang(2016) Prevalence and risk factors of elder maltreatment among Chinese Americans
All ethnic groups in the U.S. have suffered from elder maltreatment (EM), but literature on this topic among Chinese Americans is sparse. Only one group of researchers has exclusively focused on the EM experiences of Chinese Americans in the U.S. A recent study indicated the prevalence rate of EM was 24% among residential-dwelling Chinese American elders and the most prevalent forms of EM are psychological maltreatment (10%) and financial maltreatment (10%). However, the effect of family relationship and cultural factors on EM have not yet been explored. The traditional Chinese culture emphasizing family cohesion and filial piety, along with the acculturation stress and language barriers may increase the risks of EM in this population. This exploratory research aimed to understand EM perpetrated by family members in residential settings among Chinese American elders and the risk factors of EM in this population, focusing on the Phoenix metropolitan area. Particularly, understanding EM through both a cultural lens and a legal lens shed light on the roles of socio-cultural variables (family support and cultural variables) associated with EM among Chinese American elders, one of the fastest growing ethnic groups in the U.S. To achieve these research aims, a larger quantitative component building on a small qualitative component was utilized. In Phase I, focus groups were conducted to ensure subsequent survey questions were culturally and linguistically appropriate. Feedback from the focus groups was used to refine the questionnaire designed for this study. In Phase II, revised questionnaires were distributed to 266 Chinese American older adults to detect EM prevalence and to identify the factors associated with victimization. The ecological theory provides guidance for the study. In the end, one of ten Chinese American elders experienced general EM perpetrated by family members. The dominant forms of EM, elder neglect and emotional maltreatment, may have serious emotional outcomes and threaten the well-being of Chinese elders. To prevent the occurrence and recurrence of EM, service professionals and gatekeepers in the community need to work with Chinese American families to reduce elders’ depression levels, promote family cohesion and eliminate the intergenerational culture/acculturation differences.

Teresi, Jeanne A.;Burnes, David;Skowron, Elizabeth A.;Dutton, Mary Ann;Mosqueda, Laura;Lachs, Mark S.;Pillemer, Karl(2016) State of the science on prevention of elder abuse and lessons learned from child abuse and domestic violence prevention: Toward a conceptual framework for research
The goal of this review is to discuss the state of the science in elder abuse prevention. Findings from evidence-based programs to reduce elder abuse are discussed, drawing from findings and insights from evidence-based programs for child maltreatment and domestic/intimate partner violence. A conceptual measurement model for the study of elder abuse is presented and linked to possible measures of risk factors and outcomes. Advances in neuroscience in child maltreatment and novel measurement strategies for outcome assessment are presented.

Wasarhaley, Nesa E.;Golding, Jonathan M.(2017) Ageism in the courtroom: mock juror perceptions of elder neglect
The present study explored ageism in a civil court context. In two experiments, male and female undergraduates (Experiment 1; N = 215) and community members (Experiment 2; N = 203) read an institutional elder neglect trial summary in which a nursing home was sued for failure to provide the necessary care for an elderly female resident. The trial varied as to who provided witness testimony: the live victim, a recorded deposition from the victim, the victim’s middle-aged niece (Experiments 1, 2), the victim’s elderly floor-mate (Experiment 1), or no testimony was provided (Experiment 2). Across both experiments, higher ageism was negatively associated with pro-victim ratings (e.g. victim memory). Ageism indirectly decreased the likelihood of ruling for the plaintiff through ratings of sympathy for the victim and victim memory (Experiment 1), and defendant responsibility (Experiment 2). Trial ratings did not differ based on whether victim testimony was presented live or via recorded deposition (Experiments 1, 2). The results suggest that jurors’ ageist attitudes may engender negative perceptions of an elderly victim, which can affect the outcome of neglect cases. We discuss the potential for these findings to inform legal proceedings and protection of elderly individuals.

Özmete, Emine;Megahead, Hamido A.(2017) Screening for Elder Abuse Among Turkish Older People: Validity of the Hwalek–Sengstock Elder Abuse Screening Test (H-S “East”)
This study aims to adapt “The Hwalek–Sengstock Elder Abuse Screening Test (H-S “East”)” (Neale, Hwalek, Scott, Sengstock, & Stahl, 1991) to Turkish and to assess its validity and reliability while determining the factors that affect elder abuse. The sample of the study is composed of 465 elderly women and men (60+ years of age) who live in different cities in Turkey. First, validity and reliability analyses of the H-S “East” are carried out. Subsequently, binary logistic regression analysis is performed to determine the factors that affect elder abuse. In this study, the H-S “East” has a three-factor construction as found in the original scale. Inner consistency coefficient is found as .814. Elder abuse is mostly affected by “life satisfaction,” “use of social benefits,” “satisfaction with income,” and “age.” The results show that the Turkish version may be used as a valid and reliable tool in determining elderly abuse in social work practice and also for the purpose of early diagnosis and in other relevant research. Moreover, when the factors that affect elder abuse are taken into account, care and support facilities for the social inclusion of elderly should be developed and relevant social policies should be revised.

Rzeszut, Stephanie M.(2017) The Need for a Stronger Definition: Recognizing Abandonment as a form of Elder Abuse Across the United States
Elder abuse is a growing public health problem in the United States and statistics show that each year, hundreds of thousands of elders are abused in some manner. This Note discusses elder abuse while focusing specifically on the occurrence of elder abandonment and how the majority of states do not recognize elder abandonment as a form of elder abuse in their statutes. Moreover, this Note proposes a model statute to be adopted by every state in an effort for elder abandonment to become more widely reported. Elder abandonment is an unfortunate phenomenon and those who contribute to elder abandonment should face criminal liability similar to those abusers who engage in elder neglect or other types of elder abuse. Furthermore, this Note emphasizes that there should be a greater focus on how caregivers can seek assistance in order to prevent elder abuse in the United States.

Moore, Steve(2018) Oops! Its happened again! Evidence of the continuing abuse of older people in care homes
The purpose of this paper is to present findings from an empirical research project designed to enhance knowledge of the current extent and nature of abuse in contemporary care homes for older people. A self-completion, postal questionnaire was used to elicit both numerical and textual data that was subsequently subjected to both quantitative and qualitative analysis. The questionnaire was distributed to newly appointed care staff in six participating care homes providing care to older people to determine the nature of any abuse they may have witnessed in the homes in which they had previously worked. A significant proportion of respondents described instances of predominantly psychological and physical abuse and neglect. Though the research draws upon the experiences of only 194 anonymous questionnaire respondents, of whom 140 had witnessed abuse; data suggest that abuse continues to occur in some care homes for older people. The research has revealed staffs’ recent experiences of a range of abusive acts and practices. Findings suggest that changes are required to current methods of external scrutiny and investigation of practices in care homes.

Goldblatt, Hadass;Band-Winterstein, Tova;Alon, Sara(2018) Social Workers’ Reflections on the Therapeutic Encounter With Elder Abuse and Neglect
The aim of this qualitative study was to explore social workers’ reflections on their experience of the therapeutic encounter with victims and perpetrators of elder abuse and neglect. The research questions were as follows: How do social workers tune themselves toward the therapeutic encounter with elder abuse? How do they position themselves vis-à-vis the clients? How do social workers describe the meaning of the intervention both for the clients and for themselves? What is the added value of the therapeutic encounter in this field for the social workers? Participants were 17 experienced women social workers, who worked with abusers and with abused and neglected older adults in Israel. Data were collected via in-depth semi-structured interviews, which were later transcribed and content analyzed. Two main themes emerged from the findings, emphasizing two key aspects of the social workers’ reflective process experienced during the therapeutic encounter: (a) focus on the client: “This is the journey of their lives”—reflection on the therapeutic “journey”; (b) focus on the social worker’s inner and professional world: “‘There is nothing to be done’ is no longer in my vocabulary”—a personal and professional maturation process. The social workers expressed a positive attitude toward their elder clients. A unique dialogue developed in the therapeutic encounter, whereby the social workers considered any change as valuable if it allowed the elders a sense of control and self-worth, whereas the social workers were enriched by the elders’ life experience, and matured both personally and professionally. Thus, both sides benefited from this reciprocal relationship. Implications for further research and practice are discussed.

McDonald, Lynn(2018) The mistreatment of older Canadians: Findings from the 2015 national prevalence study
abstract 없음

Ernst, Joy Swanson(2019) Trauma-informed care and elder abuse: A synergistic alliance
Elder abuse is a global systemic problem in which one or more traumatic or stressful life experiences directly affect older adults, their families, and communities. Despite its devastating impact, the understanding of—and response to—elder abuse has rarely been explored through a trauma-informed lens. Despite the prevalence of traumatic and stressful life experiences, research and practice are just beginning to target the intersection of elder abuse and life course trauma. This article demonstrates how knowledge about the causes, consequences, and responses to elder abuse can be integrated with the principles of trauma-informed care to improve agency and community responses to preventing or intervening with elder abuse and neglect. In order to address the ongoing problems with detection and treatment of elder abuse, we assert that instilling trauma and elder abuse informed care in organizational services and policies forms a synergistic alliance and would address many of these concerns.

Yon, Yongjie;Mikton, Christopher;Gassoumis, Zachary D.;Wilber, Kathleen H.(2019) The Prevalence of Self-Reported Elder Abuse Among Older Women in Community Settings: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
The abuse of older women appears to be a significant problem. Developing a better understanding of the extent of the problem is an important step toward preventing it. We conducted a global systematic review and meta-analysis of existing prevalence studies, in multiple languages, that occurred in the community settings from inception to June 26, 2015, in order to determine the extent of abuse against women aged 60 years and over. To disentangle the wide variations in prevalence estimates, we also investigated the associations between prevalence estimates and studies’ demographic and methodological characteristics. A total of 50 studies were included in the meta-analysis. The combined prevalence for overall elder abuse in the past year was 14.1% (95% confidence interval (CI) [11.0, 18.0]). Pooled prevalence for psychological abuse was 11.8% (95% CI [9.2%, 14.9%]), neglect was 4.1% (95% CI [2.7%, 6.3%]), financial abuse was 3.8% (95% CI [2.5%, 5.5%]), sexual abuse was 2.2% (95% CI [1.6%, 3.0%]), and physical abuse was 1.9% (95% CI [1.2%, 3.1%]). The studies included in the meta-analysis for overall abuse were heterogeneous indicating that significant differences among the prevalence estimates exist. Significant associations were found between prevalence estimates and the following covariates: World Health Organization–defined regions, countries’ income classification, and sample size. Together, these covariates explained 37% of the variance. Although robust prevalence studies are sparse in low- and middle-income countries, about 1 in 6, or 68 million older women experience abuse worldwide. More work is needed to understand the variation in prevalence rates and implications for prevention.

Pickering, Carolyn E. Z.;Yefimova, Maria;Maxwell, Christopher;Puga, Frank;Sullivan, Tami(2020) Daily Context for Abusive and Neglectful Behavior in Family Caregiving for Dementia
The purpose of this study was to identify risk and protective factors for abusive and neglectful behavior in the context of daily caregiving. Family caregivers who co-reside with a care recipient with Alzheimer’s disease and related dementia, recruited from social media, completed 21-days of diaries. Multilevel modeling with days (n = 831) nested within caregivers (N = 50) was used to evaluate relationships between hypothesized risk and protective factors and the odds of an abusive or neglectful behavior on a given day. Disruptions in the daily routine and stress of the caregiver related to behavioral symptoms of the care recipient are significant risk factors for abusive and neglectful behavior. Participating in a meaningful activity with the care recipient when it occurs twice in a day is a significant protective factor against use of a neglect behavior (OR = 0.19; CI 0.06–0.64; p = .01), but not for abusive behavior. Hypotheses that spending the full day together would increase risk, and that receipt of instrumental support and caregiver participation in self-care would decrease risk, were not supported. Findings demonstrate that risk of an abusive or neglectful behavior varies from day-to-day in the presence and absence of contextual factors, and that the majority of the variance in the odds an abusive or neglectful behavior occurring is related to day-level factors. Findings demonstrate that diary surveys are critical to identifying ecologically valid modifiable risk and protective factors for abusive and neglectful behaviors that can be targeted in future interventions.

Malmedal, Wenche;Anyan, Christiana(2020) Elder abuse in Ghana – a qualitative exploratory study
The aim of this study was to explore how Ghanaian staff in nursing homes and hospitals perceive abuse and neglect of older adults as well as to explore the nature and scope of abuse and neglect of older adults as it exists in Ghana. This exploratory study used a qualitative research methodology that sets out to explore staff’s perception of elder abuse in nursing homes and hospitals in Ghana. Five nursing assistants and two caregivers were interviewed in two nursing homes and four nurses were interviewed in one hospital. A semi-structured interview guide was used for data collection. The findings showed that elder abuse occurs in both hospitals and nursing homes, which might be attributed to different personal, situational and institutional characteristics as well as cultural and traditional value systems. Various factors at the level of interpersonal relationships contributed to elder abuse. Situational characteristics such as aggressive exchanges between residents and health workers and institutional characteristics such as limited facilities and resources to care for residents are all factors that were implicated in elder abuse. Finally, culture and traditional views, beliefs system and socioeconomic factors seem to be implicated in elder abuse and neglect. To the best of the authors’ knowledge, this is the first study that explores elder abuse and neglect in Ghanaian nursing homes and hospitals.

Casey, Sharon M.;Katz, Ralph V.;Huang, Shulamite;Smith, Barbara J.(2020) Geriatric Health Experts Validate Oral Neglect Timelines for the Institutionalized Elderly
The purpose of this follow-up Delphi survey was to have an expert panel of 31 academic geriatric physicians, geriatric nurses, and medical directors of nursing homes evaluate the original timeline set to avoid oral neglect of nursing home residents. The Oral Neglect in Institutionalized Elderly (ONiIE) timelines defined oral neglect as having occurred when >7 days for acute oral diseases/conditions or >34 days for chronic oral disease/conditions had passed between initial diagnosis and offering access to dental care to the long-term care (LTC) nursing home resident. The results of this follow-up Delphi survey validated those originally defined ONiIE timelines as 90% of this panel agreed with the original timelines. This ONiIE definition adds a broad-based validation for the ONiIE timelines for setting an oral health standard of care for institutionalized elderly residents of nursing homes and should now be used to protect the vulnerable elderly residing in LTC nursing homes.

Jolly, Andrew(2020) Statutory neglect and care in a pandemic
Much has been written about the prevalence of COVID-19 infections in care homes in Europe and North America, with claims that the high mortality rate has been worsened by the policy decisions taken by governments. This essay argues that the concept of statutory neglect is a useful framework for understanding situations where neglect results from law or policy rather than the lack of action by an individual caregiver.

Aslan, Hakime;Erci, Behice(2020) The incidence and influencing factors of elder abuse and neglect
This study was conducted to determine the level of abuse and neglect of individuals over the age of 65 years and the factors influencing it. A cross-sectional, population-based, descriptive study was conducted on 455 elderly persons in Turkey. At data collection, a socio-demographic form, which was developed by the researcher herself, an abuse evaluation form with six Likert-type questions, the Katz Index of Independence in Activities of Daily Living (ADL) and the Perceived Emotional Abuse Scale for Adults (PEASA) were used. Of the participants, 26.8% experienced physical abuse, 26.9% financial abuse, 12.6% sexual abuse and 56.5% neglect and psychological abuse at an intermediate level. The average score of the ADL index was 11.0 ± 3.3. This score shows that these elderly individuals were semi-independent. The rate of abuse and neglect was found to be intermediate. There was a positive relationship between abuse of the elderly and their ADL index.

Simmons, Johanna;Wiklund, Nicolina;Ludvigsson, Mikael;Nägga, Katarina;Swahnberg, Katarina(2020) Validation of REAGERA-S: a new self-administered instrument to identify elder abuse and lifetime experiences of abuse in hospitalized older adults
This study aimed to develop and validate REAGERA-S, a self-administered instrument to identify elder abuse as well as lifetime experiences of abuse in older adults. REAGERA-S consists of nine questions concerning physical, emotional, sexual, financial abuse and neglect. Participants were recruited among patients (≥ 65 years) admitted to acute in-hospital care (n = 179). Exclusion criteria were insufficient physical, cognitive, or language capacity to complete the instrument. A semi-structured interview conducted by a physician was used as a gold standard against which to assess the REAGERA-S. The final version was answered by 95 older adults, of whom 71 were interviewed. Sensitivity for lifetime experiences of abuse was 71.9% and specificity 92.3%. For elder abuse, sensitivity was 87.5% and specificity was 92.3%. REAGERA-S performed well in validation and can be recommended for use in hospitals to identify elder abuse as well as life-time experience of abuse among older adults.

Nobels, Anne;Keygnaert, Ines;Robert, Egon;Vandeviver, Christophe;Haekens, An;Lemey, Lieve;Strobbe, Marieke;Van Den Noortgate, Nele;Lemmens, Gilbert M. D.(2021) ‘Breaking the silence’: Sexual victimisation in an old age psychiatry patient population in Flanders
Sexual violence (SV) is linked to mental health problems in adulthood and old age. However, the extent of sexual victimisation in old age psychiatry patients is unknown. Due to insufficient communication skills in both patients and healthcare workers, assessing SV in old age psychiatry patients is challenging. To assess lifetime and sexual victimisation in the past 12-months, correlates and SV disclosure in an old age psychiatry population. Between July 2019 and March 2020, 100 patients at three old age psychiatry wards across Flanders participated in a face-to-face structured interview receiving inpatient treatment. The participation rate was 58%. We applied the WHO definition of SV, encompassing sexual harassment, sexual abuse with physical contact without penetration, and (attempted) rape. In 57% of patients (65% F, 42% M) SV occurred during their lifetime and 7% (6% F, 9% M) experienced SV in the past 12-months. Half of the victims disclosed their SV experience for the first time during the interview. Only two victims had disclosed SV to a mental health care professional before. Sexual victimisation appears to be common in old age psychiatry patients, yet it remains largely undetected. Although victims did reveal SV during a face-to-face interview to a trained interviewer, they do not seem to spontaneously disclose their experiences to mental health care professionals. In order to provide tailored care for older SV victims, professionals urgently need capacity building through training, screening tools and care procedures.

Howe, Melissa J. K.;Choi, Kyung Won;Piedra, Lissette M.;Zhong, Selena;Pierce, Grey;Cook, Soren C.;Ramirez, Randy(2021) Detecting Risk of Neglect in NSHAP Round 3 Using New Follow-Up Questions to Activities of Daily Living Measures
Elder neglect is a type of elder abuse wherein an older adult’s basic needs remain unmet through negligence. The risk of neglect and its harmful consequences coincides with the need for care that arises with difficulties completing activities of daily living (ADLs) and instrumental activities of daily living (IADLs). In this paper, we describe how new questions included in Round 3 (2015–2016) of the National Social Life, Health, and Aging Project (NSHAP-R3) can help detect the risk of elder neglect. Based on the 2,340 respondents who indicated problems with at least one ADL or IADL, we categorized respondents as at a higher risk of neglect if they were either: (a) not getting wanted help (WANTHELP) or (b) getting help from an undependable caregiver (UNRELIABLE). We tested the external validity of these indicators by examining their association with NSHAP-R3 measures of physical and mental health, personal hygiene, home tidiness, social support, and elder mistreatment, using t tests and chi-square tests. Those labeled higher neglect risk based on the WANTHELP variable showed significantly worse self-rated physical health, personal hygiene, room tidiness, mental health, partner support, family support, and elder mistreatment. The same correlates were significantly associated with higher neglect risk based on the UNRELIABLE variable, except for self-rated physical health, personal hygiene, and room tidiness. Findings suggest that these new measures can be useful for identifying NSHAP respondents who are at risk of types of neglect that can be associated with having I/ADL limitations.

Liu, Yanping;Hu, Fawen(2021) Elder abuse in life stories: a qualitative study on rural Chinese older people
Holding beliefs such as elder respect seems to make Chinese older adults vulnerable to feel abused. This study investigated how Chinese older people in the countryside perceive abuse and make sense of their abusive experiences while telling their life stories. Following a narrative approach, we conducted semi-structured interviews with 17 older persons living in a rural village, Yunnan province, China, collected their life stories, and paid special attention to their telling of abuses. Thematic analysis of the data suggests that elder abuse for the participants is a betrayal of trust that is established within Chinese cultural values. Four themes were identified in explaining the participants’ experiences of abuse: disrespect, dependency and the down-valued self, disconnection and rejection, and social comparisons in the construction of abuse. We discuss implications for future research and practices in stopping elder abuse.

Usta, Jinan;El Jarrah, Rana;Kronfol, Nabil;Farver, JoAnn M.(2021) Perspectives of elder abuse in Lebanon
Elder abuse is a preventable problem. Presently, little is known about this phenomenon in Middle Eastern settings. The purpose of this study was to explore elder abuse in Beirut, Lebanon from different stakeholders’ points of view with a focus on identifying behaviors that are considered to be abusive to older adults and predisposing factors. Focus group discussions were carried out with 88 home- and institution-based older adults, their family members and caregivers, and with 49 stakeholders (medical professionals, institution directors, government officials). Results showed that behaviors considered abusive among Lebanese participants were comparable to reports from international studies. The most commonly mentioned risk factors were history of abuse in a seemingly dysfunctional family followed by caregivers’ lack of acceptance of the physical changes that accompany aging. The response to elder abuse requires a multidimensional approach that spans protective policies to increase care providers’ awareness about the physiologic changes of aging as well as concerted efforts to correct misinformation about the hidden problem of elder abuse.

Alon, Sara;Lang, Barbara;Band-Winterstein, Tova(2022) Do training programs promote identification and treatment in cases of elder abuse in Long Term Care (LTC) facilities?
To examine the impact of training on detection and reporting cases of elder abuse and neglect perpetrated by staff in LTC facilities and to compare staff with previous training to those with no training. A quantitative study in which questionnaires were collected from 250 multi- professional participants at a training seminar. Trainees with previous training on elder abuse reported higher perceived self-efficacy, higher intention to take action asking residents direct questions on abuse, to refer and report cases of elder abuse. They identified more cases of elder abuse in comparison to trainees without previous training. Findings indicate a positive relationship between perceived self-efficacy and intention to take action, and between perceived self-efficacy and direct questioning and referral for further inquiry. Training professionals is essential in coping effectively with elder abuse and neglect in LTC facilities.

Gil, Ana Paula;Capelas, Manuel Luis(2022) Elder abuse and neglect in nursing homes as a reciprocal process: the view from the perspective of care workers
Reciprocal abuse inside care practices remain under-studied due to their invisibility and further research is required. The purpose of this paper is to explore different levels of conflicts inside organisations. The paper is based on a self-administered questionnaire filled out by care workers (n = 150), in 16 Portuguese care homes. Results indicated that, overall, 54.7% of care workers had observed abuse, in their daily practice, in the preceding 12 months: 48.7% psychological; 36.0% neglectful care practices; 14.0% physical and 3.3% financial abuse. The figures decreased significantly as regards abuse committed themselves, with 16.7% of those admitting to having committed at least one of these behaviours. The highest figures were also recorded for psychological abuse (13.3%) and neglect (6.7%). However, there is a statistically significant relationship between abuse committed by care workers and abuse committed by residents. Overall, 52.0% of care workers reported having been the target of at least one such behaviour by residents. This paper has its limitations as the sample consisted of only 16 nursing homes (12 not-for-profit and 4 for-profit nursing homes). The fact that only 4 of the 16 LTC homes were for-profit is a potential limitation both in general and in particular because research has shown that lower quality of care and elder abuse and neglect are more common in for-profit nursing homes at least in Portugal. The results were also based on self-reported measures. A reactive behaviour, the risk of retaliation, after a complaint, the difficulty in dealing with dementia and the residents' aggressive behaviour, an absence of a training and support policy in an environment where difficult working conditions prevail, are factors enhancing a reciprocal process of abuse. The analysis followed by a discussion of potential implications to prevent institutional elder abuse and neglect, based on communication and social recognition, including better working conditions and training, and a cooperative work environment. Conflict is much more than reducing an interpersonal relationship problem between residents and staff (care workers, professional staff, managers) and extending to the whole organisation. Therefore, there are still uncertainties on how organisations, staff and residents interact between themselves, and affect care practises. Reciprocal abuse in nursing homes is an important area of research and this paper enabled a discussion of potential implications concerning the quality of care, which required the identification of levels of conflict, in an organisational system, including interactions, the context where care is provided, difficult working conditions, lack of training and levels of support. All these factors are important when considering elder abuse and neglect and this calls for special attention by policymakers and researchers.

Pillemer, Karl;Burnes, David;Hancock, David;Eckenrode, John;Rosen, Tony;MacNeil, Andie;Lachs, Mark S.(2022) Lack of association of elder mistreatment with mortality
Prior research is limited and inconsistent on the degree to which elder mistreatment (EM) is associated with mortality. This study uses data from a 10-year, prospective, population-based study of EM to determine the adjusted effects of EM on older adult mortality, after controlling for other health and socioeconomic covariates. The New York State Elder Mistreatment Prevalence Study conducted a random-sample telephone survey of older adults (n = 4 156) in 2009 (Wave 1). The current study employs EM and covariate data from Wave 1 and data on mortality status through Wave 2 (2019). EM was operationalized both as experiencing EM and as severity of EM. The survey measured overall EM and separate subtypes (emotional, physical, and financial abuse, and neglect). The hypothesis was not supported that abused and neglected older people would have higher rates of death over the study. Individuals who were victims of EM were no more likely to die over the following 10 years, compared with those who were not mistreated, after controlling for covariates. Furthermore, the severity of EM, as measured by the frequency of mistreatment behaviors, also was not associated with mortality risk. The finding that self-reported EM did not raise the risk of earlier death in this sample is encouraging. Future research should work to identify factors that may moderate the relationship between EM and mortality, such as social support/isolation, quality of family relationships, or involvement with formal support service systems.

Ballentine, Noel H.(2023) Abuse and neglect of older adults: A brief overview
Abuse and neglect of older adults is a pervasive global social issue resulting in harm to a vulnerable population. Because of the rapid increase in the number of dependent adults, elder abuse and neglect is likely to become even more pervasive. Recent years have shown improved research methodology, healthcare, and legislative responses. Improved understanding, narrowed definitions, and appreciation of the nuances, complexities, and varied settings in which older adult mistreatment occurs have resulted in the improved identification, intervention, and prevention of abuse and neglect in older adults.

Steinbacher-Mittemeir, Wilhelmine(2023) COVID-19 AND (IN)VISIBLE VIOLENCE IN OLD AGE
abstract 없음

Hodroj, Batoul;Way, Kïrsten A.;Scott, Theresa L.;Wright, April L.;Manchha, Asmita(2023) Does Context Count? The Association Between Quality of Care and Job Characteristics in Residential Aged Care and Hospital Settings: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis
Within residential aged care settings, reduced quality of care (QoC), abuse, and neglect have been global phenomena which require urgent intervention. As the reported rate of these problems is much higher in aged care compared to hospital settings, we investigated whether differing job design characteristics between the 2 settings might explain the difference. We used a meta-analysis to compare differences in the relationships between high job demands, low job resources, and job strain with QoC and counterproductive work behaviors (CWBs) across aged care and hospital settings. Data were extracted from 42 studies (n = 55 effects). QoC was negatively correlated with high job demands (⁠p= −0.22, 95% confidence interval [CI]: −0.29, −0.15, k = 7), low job resources (⁠p= −0.40, 95% CI: −0.47, −0.32, k = 15), and job strain (⁠p= −0.32, 95% CI: −0.38, −0.25, k = 22), CWBs had a positive relationship with job demands (⁠p= 0.35, 95% CI: 0.10, 0.59, k = 3) and job strain (⁠p= 0.34, 95% CI: 0.13, 0.56, k = 6). The association between poor QoC and low job resources was stronger in aged care (r= −0.46, 95% CI: −0.55, −0.36, k = 8) than in hospital settings (r= −0.30, 95% CI: −0.41, −0.18, k = 7). Our findings suggest that relationships between low job resources and poor QoC are exacerbated in residential aged care contexts. To improve care outcomes, stakeholders should improve job resources such as skill discretion, supervisory supports, and increased training and staffing levels in residential aged care.

Aharimpisya, Dianah;Kiyingi, Frank Pio;Kasekende, Francis(2023) Examining the effect of elder abuse on welfare status: the case of selected districts in Southwestern Uganda
This paper aims to examine the predictive potential of elder abuse on welfare status of older persons in selected districts in Southwestern Uganda. The study took a cross-sectional descriptive and analytical design. Using a sample of 285 respondents, data were obtained from 201 usable questionnaires collected from caregivers and officials relating with older persons in this area making it a response rate of 70.5%. Using statistical program for social scientists (SPSS), the researchers tested and analyzed six hypotheses. Results indicate that physical abuse, emotional abuse, financial abuse and neglect negatively and significantly predicted welfare status. Though negatively related, social abuse and sexual abuse did not significantly predict welfare status. Family members and caregivers must make practices that do not promote physical abuse, emotional abuse, financial abuse and neglect as these negatively affect the welfare status of elderly persons. District officials such as community development officers and other persons handling older persons need to implement policies that promote the welfare status of the elderly. The study demonstrates that the existence of physical abuse, emotional abuse, financial abuse and neglect is a deterrent to older person’s welfare status.

Belveg, Stephanie(2023) Staff burnout and the neglect of elderly residential care patients
There is increasing concern about patient neglect in nursing homes as nursing home staff become burnt out. Although there has been research on burnout in nursing home staff and neglect, little research has been done to understand the specific connection of burnout and neglect through the lived experiences of staff members. Underpinned by Maslach’s theory of burnout, the purpose of this qualitative study was to explore the lived experiences of nursing home staff who experienced burnout before and after they witnessed neglect of elderly patients. Nine semistructured interviews were conducted with elderly care staff who had experienced burnout and witnessed burnout and neglect in their work. Participants included eight females and one male. Through thematic analysis, four themes emerged: lack of staff support, well-being of residents, compassion for working with elderly and unintentional actions. These findings show that nursing home staff felt burnout was linked to not having enough staff, and that can lead to neglect. Neglect was found to be unintentional. This study shows that many people working in the field of elderly care want to be in the field to help but they become burnt out and then do not want to do the job. These findings can impact positive social change and aid to the ever-growing field of elder care by understanding what can lead to burnout and how burnout can lead to unintentional neglect. This research can help elder care agencies and their staff understand burnout experienced and the neglect taking place and use this understanding to determine what can be done to mitigate these problems.